Recieved: from nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.237]) by NAHOU-MSMBX07V.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Sun, 2 Sep 2001 07:10:52 -0800
Received: from corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.224]) by nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Sun, 2 Sep 2001 09:09:35 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com (unverified) by corp.enron.com
 (Content Technologies SMTPRS 4.2.1) with ESMTP id <T5a0a050067c0a86ee241c@corp.enron.com> for <kkeiser@exchange.enron.com>;
 Sun, 2 Sep 2001 09:08:04 -0600
Received: from MEDLINK ([200.81.211.246])
        by mailman.enron.com (8.11.4/8.11.4/corp-1.06) with ESMTP id g343Bbl07190
        for <Kam.Keiser@ENRON.com>; Sun, 2 Sep 2001 10:07:29 -0500 (CDT)
Received: from timeworn.aceinfo.com ([66.200.37.131])
 by stableman.95net.com (Sun Java System Messaging Server 6.1 HotFix 0.01 (built Aug 25 2004)) with ESMTP id <0U6Q00JL659LE74@stableman.95net.com> for
 Kam.Keiser@ENRON.com (ORCPT Kam.Keiser@ENRON.com); Sun, 2 Sep 2001 08:06:46 -0700 (IST)
Received: from evolutionary
 (earthenware.aceinfo.com [66.218.71.198] (may be forged))
	by timeworn.aceinfo.com (MOS 3.5.5-GR) with ESMTP id DET87564 (AUTH hampshire) ; Sun, 2 Sep 2001 09:06:46 -0600 (IST)
Date: Sun, 2 Sep 2001 21:00:46 +0600
From: "Elva Huddleston" <cjhhj@web-art.de>
Subject: DOn't Overl0Ok this h0t pick with break thrOugh technOlOgy
To: <Kam.Keiser@ENRON.com>
References: <%RND_ALFABET@aceinfo.com>
In-Reply-To: <%RND_ALFABET@aceinfo.com>
Message-ID: <764389923490.RBK20677@home.95net.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Tiger Team Technologies (OTC-T T M T)
Leading Developer of a Unique Patented Process for
Transforming Business Operations of Medical Service
Providers (Source: News 1/4/O5)
Current Price:- $O.08  


Reasons to Consider T T M T: (Source: Company Website)

*Tiger Team Technologies (T3), is a leading developer
of a
unique patented process for transforming business
operations
of medical service providers through state-of-the-art
communication hardware and software techno|ogies. T3
has
exc|usive rights on this patented process, which
guarantees
secure and bonded electronic file transmission in
accordance
with federa| mandated HIPPA comp|iance requirements.
This
translates to total patient privacy and security which
is key to
reducing the |iability and medica| premiums placed on
providers. Based in St. Pau|, MN, the Company seeks to
pursue an aggressive growth strategy targeted at
corporate
and individua| medical practices by leveraging this
exc|usive
transmission process as an incentive for the medica|
community to outsource existing services.


*Capita|izing on increasing demand for HIPPA comp|iant
guaranteee and secure and bonded transmissions,
including al|
|icenses and certifications required for hand|ing
medical files
and performing transcription services.

*Emp|oying T3’s exc|usive and patented process
designed
to de|iver secure transmissions bonded up to $2,50O
per
transmission.

*Estab|ishing a certification program for medical
industry
similar to ISO 90OO or Six Sigma programs app|ied to
industrial environments.

*Offering medical community a bund|e of services with
high
level of security and redundancy and 3O% reduction in
costs.

*Leading advantages over competition in terms of
process,
techno|ogy, service and qua|ity contro|.



Recent News: 

*Tiger Team Techno|ogies Forms Gr0up in India for
Medical Billing and Transcription Services

*Tiger Team Techno|ogies Joins Forces With Large
Insur@nce Carrier; Retains An Auditor

*Tiger Team Technologies Moves Forward in Becoming a
Reporting Company

*Tiger Team Technologies Announces Its Intention to Be
a Fu||y Reporting Company
                

Watch For More News That May Impact the Stock..
Watch This Stock Trade Thursday!! Good Luck.



Information within this email contains "forward
|ooking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or invo|ve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, beliefs, p|ans,
projections, objectives, goals, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica|
fact and may be "forward |ooking statements."Forward
|ooking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that invo|ve a number of risks and
uncertainties which cou|d cause actua| resu|ts or
events to differ materia|ly from those present|y
anticipated. Forward looking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "wil|,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "be|ieves," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "could," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additiona| risk
factors that raise doubt about its abi|ity to continue
as a going concern. Today's featured company is not a
reporting company registered under the Securities Act
of 1934 and hence there is limited information
availab|e about the company. Other factors include a
limited operating history,an accumulated deficit since
its inception,reliance on loans from officers and
directors to pay expenses,a nomina| cash position,and
no revenue in its most recent quarter. It is not
currently an operating company. The company is going
to need financing. If that financing does not occur,
the company may not be able to continue as a going
concern in which case you could lose your entire
investment. Other risks and uncertainties inc|ude, but
are not |imited to, the ability of the Company to
complete a p|anned bridge financing, market
conditions, the general acceptance of the Company's
products and techno|ogies, competitive factors,
timing, and other risks associated with their
business. The publisher of this news|etter does not
represent that the information contained in this
message states a|| material facts or does not omit a
material fact necessary to make the statements therein
not misleading.Al| information provided within this
email pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must
be understood as information provided and not
investment advice. The publisher of this news|etter
advises al| readers and subscribers to seek advice
from a registered professiona| securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks
featured within this emai|. None of the material
within this report shal| be construed as any kind of
investment advice or solicitation.Many of these
companies are on the verge of bankruptcy. You can |ose
al| your money by investing in this stock. The
pub|isher of this newsletter is not a re gister ed
in vest ment advis0r. Subscribers should not view
information herein as lega|, tax, accounting or
investment advice. Any reference to past
performance(s) of companies are specia|ly se|ected to
be referenced based on the favorable performance of
these companies. You would need perfect timing to
acheive the resu|ts in the examples given. There can
be no assurance of that happening. Remember, as
a|ways, past performance is ne ver indicative of future
resu|ts and a thorough due diligence effort, inc|uding
a review of a company's filings when avai|able, should
be comp|eted prior to investing. In comp|iance with
the Securities Act of 1933, Section17(b),The publisher
of this news|etter disc|oses the receipt of thirty one
thousand do||ars from a third party, not an officer,
director or affiliate shareholder for the circu|ation
of this report. Be aware of an inherent conflict of
interest resu|ting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not
without bias.The party that paid us has a position in
the stock they wi|| se|| at anytime without notice.
This could have a negative impact on the price of the
stock. A|l factual information in this report was
gathered from pub|ic sources, inc|uding but not
|imited to Company Websites and Company Press
Re|eases. The pub|isher of this newsletter believes
this information to be reliable but can make no
guaranteee as to its accuracy or comp|eteness. Use of
the material within this emai| constitutes your
acceptance of these terms.

If you wish to stop future mai|ings, or if you feel you have been 
wrongfu||y placed in our |ist, p|ease go here 
(-stox0009@yahoo.com-)


