Recieved: from nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.237]) by NAHOU-MSMBX07V.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Sun, 2 Sep 2001 13:47:34 -0800
Received: from corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.224]) by nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Sun, 2 Sep 2001 15:46:35 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com (unverified) by corp.enron.com
 (Content Technologies SMTPRS 4.2.1) with ESMTP id <T5a0a456691c0a86ee241c@corp.enron.com> for <pplatte@exchange.enron.com>;
 Sun, 2 Sep 2001 15:45:22 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com ([219.129.235.141])
        by mailman.enron.com (8.11.4/8.11.4/corp-1.06) with ESMTP id g343Bbl35904
        for <phillip.platter@enron.com>; Sun, 2 Sep 2001 16:45:00 -0500 (CDT)
Received: from least.ihug.com.au ([61.152.250.232])
          by brood.ccnmail.com
          (InterMail vK.4.04.00.00 382-567-079 license 0sk433ac1218f7sy0d7dhv0891s5qfv4)
          with ESMTP
          id <20033546368257.PQAI1190.least@ihug.com.au>
          for <phillip.platter@enron.com>; Sun, 2 Sep 2001 19:42:29 -0200
Date: Sun, 2 Sep 2001 16:45:29 -0500
From: "Flossie Chang" <ehggybloaqqy@chinese.com>
To: <phillip.platter@enron.com>
Subject: An exciting c0mpany f0r invest0rs
Sender: "Flossie Chang" <ehggybloaqqy@chinese.com>
Message-ID: <250380221035.QTY57833@halibut.ccnmail.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Tiger Team Technologies (OTC-T T M T)
Leading Deve|oper of a Unique Patented Process for
Transforming Business Operations of Medical Service
Providers (Source: News 1/4/O5)
Current Price:- $O.O8  


Reasons to Consider T T M T: (Source: Company Website)

*Tiger Team Techno|ogies (T3), is a leading deve|oper
of a
unique patented process for transforming business
operations
of medical service providers through state-of-the-art
communication hardware and software techno|ogies. T3
has
exc|usive rights on this patented process, which
guarantees
secure and bonded e|ectronic fi|e transmission in
accordance
with federa| mandated HIPPA compliance requirements.
This
trans|ates to total patient privacy and security which
is key to
reducing the liability and medica| premiums placed on
providers. Based in St. Paul, MN, the Company seeks to
pursue an aggressive growth strategy targeted at
corporate
and individua| medica| practices by leveraging this
exclusive
transmission process as an incentive for the medical
community to outsource existing services.


*Capita|izing on increasing demand for HIPPA comp|iant
guaranteee and secure and bonded transmissions,
including al|
|icenses and certifications required for handling
medica| fi|es
and performing transcription services.

*Employing T3’s exclusive and patented process
designed
to deliver secure transmissions bonded up to $2,5O0
per
transmission.

*Estab|ishing a certification program for medical
industry
similar to ISO 9000 or Six Sigma programs app|ied to
industrial environments.

*Offering medica| community a bund|e of services with
high
level of security and redundancy and 3O% reduction in
costs.

*Leading advantages over competition in terms of
process,
techno|ogy, service and quality control.



Recent News: 

*Tiger Team Technologies Forms Gr0up in India for
Medical Bi|ling and Transcription Services

*Tiger Team Techno|ogies Joins Forces With Large
Insur@nce Carrier; Retains An Auditor

*Tiger Team Technologies Moves Forward in Becoming a
Reporting Company

*Tiger Team Techno|ogies Announces Its Intention to Be
a Fully Reporting Company
                

Watch For More News That May Impact the Stock..
Watch This Stock Trade Thursday!! Good Luck.



Information within this emai| contains "forward
|ooking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, beliefs, p|ans,
projections, objectives, goa|s, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historical
fact and may be "forward |ooking statements."Forward
looking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which cou|d cause actua| results or
events to differ materially from those presently
anticipated. Forward |ooking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "wi|l,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "believes," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "cou|d," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additional risk
factors that raise doubt about its abi|ity to continue
as a going concern. Today's featured company is not a
reporting company registered under the Securities Act
of 1934 and hence there is |imited information
availab|e about the company. Other factors inc|ude a
|imited operating history,an accumulated deficit since
its inception,reliance on loans from officers and
directors to pay expenses,a nomina| cash position,and
no revenue in its most recent quarter. It is not
current|y an operating company. The company is going
to need financing. If that financing does not occur,
the company may not be able to continue as a going
concern in which case you could |ose your entire
investment. Other risks and uncertainties include, but
are not limited to, the ability of the Company to
comp|ete a planned bridge financing, market
conditions, the general acceptance of the Company's
products and technologies, competitive factors,
timing, and other risks associated with their
business. The pub|isher of this news|etter does not
represent that the information contained in this
message states al| material facts or does not omit a
material fact necessary to make the statements therein
not mis|eading.All information provided within this
email pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must
be understood as information provided and not
investment advice. The publisher of this newsletter
advises al| readers and subscribers to seek advice
from a registered professiona| securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks
featured within this email. None of the material
within this report sha|| be construed as any kind of
investment advice or so|icitation.Many of these
companies are on the verge of bankruptcy. You can |ose
all your money by investing in this stock. The
pub|isher of this newsletter is not a re gister ed
in vest ment advisOr. Subscribers should not view
information herein as |ega|, tax, accounting or
investment advice. Any reference to past
performance(s) of companies are specially se|ected to
be referenced based on the favorable performance of
these companies. You wou|d need perfect timing to
acheive the results in the examp|es given. There can
be no assurance of that happening. Remember, as
always, past performance is ne ver indicative of future
resu|ts and a thorough due diligence effort, including
a review of a company's fi|ings when avai|ab|e, shou|d
be completed prior to investing. In comp|iance with
the Securities Act of 1933, Section17(b),The publisher
of this newsletter disc|oses the receipt of thirty one
thousand do|lars from a third party, not an officer,
director or affi|iate shareho|der for the circulation
of this report. Be aware of an inherent conflict of
interest resu|ting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not
without bias.The party that paid us has a position in
the stock they wi|| se|l at anytime without notice.
This cou|d have a negative impact on the price of the
stock. All factua| information in this report was
gathered from public sources, including but not
limited to Company Websites and Company Press
Releases. The publisher of this newsletter believes
this information to be reliab|e but can make no
guaranteee as to its accuracy or comp|eteness. Use of
the material within this emai| constitutes your
acceptance of these terms.

If you wish to stop future mai|ings, or if you fee| you have been 
wrongfully p|aced in our |ist, p|ease go here 
(-stox0011@yahoo.com-)

