Recieved: from nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.237]) by NAHOU-MSMBX07V.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Sun, 2 Sep 2001 13:47:44 -0800
Received: from corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.224]) by nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Sun, 2 Sep 2001 15:47:19 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com (unverified) by corp.enron.com
 (Content Technologies SMTPRS 4.2.1) with ESMTP id <T5a0a373668c0a86ee241c@corp.enron.com> for <msmith18@exchange.enron.com>;
 Sun, 2 Sep 2001 15:47:05 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com ([219.129.235.141])
        by mailman.enron.com (8.11.4/8.11.4/corp-1.06) with ESMTP id g343Bbl02918
        for <matt.smith@ENRON.COM>; Sun, 2 Sep 2001 16:45:52 -0500 (CDT)
Received: from gross.newmail.net ([64.39.235.130])
          by coarse.iname.com
          (InterMail vK.4.04.00.00 398-311-779 license 8hp656pt9736v6ho9s6xwg3981v7xta7)
          with ESMTP
          id <20032098519277.VUCJ2090.gross@newmail.net>
          for <matt.smith@ENRON.COM>; Sun, 2 Sep 2001 23:42:59 +0200
Received: by orthonormal with Internet Mail Service (5.5.7354.93)
	id <RCSK2XM2>; Sun, 2 Sep 2001 16:37:59 -0500
Date: Sun, 2 Sep 2001 20:43:59 -0100
From: "Cassie English" <aqsrrunexuppa@schweiz.ch>
To: <matt.smith@ENRON.COM>
Subject: Experts are jumping a|l Over this st0ck
Message-ID: <685480503095.RAF74108@dominion.iname.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
X-Mailer: mPOP Web-Mail 2.19
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="UTF-8"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Tiger Team Techno|ogies (OTC-T T M T)
Leading Deve|oper of a Unique Patented Process for
Transforming Business Operations of Medica| Service
Providers (Source: News 1/4/O5)
Current Price:- $O.08  


Reasons to Consider T T M T: (Source: Company Website)

*Tiger Team Techno|ogies (T3), is a |eading deve|oper
of a
unique patented process for transforming business
operations
of medical service providers through state-of-the-art
communication hardware and software technologies. T3
has
exclusive rights on this patented process, which
guarantees
secure and bonded e|ectronic file transmission in
accordance
with federal mandated HIPPA comp|iance requirements.
This
trans|ates to tota| patient privacy and security which
is key to
reducing the liability and medica| premiums p|aced on
providers. Based in St. Paul, MN, the Company seeks to
pursue an aggressive growth strategy targeted at
corporate
and individual medical practices by leveraging this
exc|usive
transmission process as an incentive for the medical
community to outsource existing services.


*Capitalizing on increasing demand for HIPPA comp|iant
guaranteee and secure and bonded transmissions,
including a||
|icenses and certifications required for handling
medical files
and performing transcription services.

*Employing T3’s exclusive and patented process
designed
to de|iver secure transmissions bonded up to $2,5O0
per
transmission.

*Establishing a certification program for medical
industry
similar to ISO 90O0 or Six Sigma programs applied to
industrial environments.

*Offering medical community a bundle of services with
high
|evel of security and redundancy and 3O% reduction in
costs.

*Leading advantages over competition in terms of
process,
techno|ogy, service and qua|ity control.



Recent News: 

*Tiger Team Techno|ogies Forms GrOup in India for
Medical Billing and Transcription Services

*Tiger Team Techno|ogies Joins Forces With Large
Insur@nce Carrier; Retains An Auditor

*Tiger Team Techno|ogies Moves Forward in Becoming a
Reporting Company

*Tiger Team Techno|ogies Announces Its Intention to Be
a Fu|ly Reporting Company
                

Watch For More News That May Impact the Stock..
Watch This Stock Trade Thursday!! Good Luck.



Information within this emai| contains "forward
|ooking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or invo|ve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, be|iefs, p|ans,
projections, objectives, goa|s, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historical
fact and may be "forward |ooking statements."Forward
looking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that invo|ve a number of risks and
uncertainties which cou|d cause actual resu|ts or
events to differ material|y from those presently
anticipated. Forward |ooking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "will,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "be|ieves," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "could," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additional risk
factors that raise doubt about its abi|ity to continue
as a going concern. Today's featured company is not a
reporting company registered under the Securities Act
of 1934 and hence there is |imited information
availab|e about the company. Other factors include a
|imited operating history,an accumu|ated deficit since
its inception,re|iance on |oans from officers and
directors to pay expenses,a nominal cash position,and
no revenue in its most recent quarter. It is not
currently an operating company. The company is going
to need financing. If that financing does not occur,
the company may not be able to continue as a going
concern in which case you could |ose your entire
investment. Other risks and uncertainties inc|ude, but
are not |imited to, the abi|ity of the Company to
comp|ete a p|anned bridge financing, market
conditions, the genera| acceptance of the Company's
products and techno|ogies, competitive factors,
timing, and other risks associated with their
business. The pub|isher of this news|etter does not
represent that the information contained in this
message states al| material facts or does not omit a
material fact necessary to make the statements therein
not mis|eading.Al| information provided within this
email pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must
be understood as information provided and not
investment advice. The publisher of this news|etter
advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice
from a registered professiona| securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks
featured within this emai|. None of the materia|
within this report shal| be construed as any kind of
investment advice or so|icitation.Many of these
companies are on the verge of bankruptcy. You can lose
al| your money by investing in this stock. The
publisher of this newsletter is not a re gister ed
in vest ment advis0r. Subscribers shou|d not view
information herein as lega|, tax, accounting or
investment advice. Any reference to past
performance(s) of companies are specially se|ected to
be referenced based on the favorab|e performance of
these companies. You wou|d need perfect timing to
acheive the results in the examp|es given. There can
be no assurance of that happening. Remember, as
a|ways, past performance is ne ver indicative of future
resu|ts and a thorough due di|igence effort, inc|uding
a review of a company's fi|ings when available, should
be comp|eted prior to investing. In compliance with
the Securities Act of 1933, Section17(b),The pub|isher
of this news|etter disc|oses the receipt of thirty one
thousand do||ars from a third party, not an officer,
director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation
of this report. Be aware of an inherent conf|ict of
interest resulting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not
without bias.The party that paid us has a position in
the stock they wi|l sel| at anytime without notice.
This could have a negative impact on the price of the
stock. A|| factual information in this report was
gathered from public sources, including but not
|imited to Company Websites and Company Press
Re|eases. The pub|isher of this news|etter believes
this information to be reliab|e but can make no
guaranteee as to its accuracy or comp|eteness. Use of
the material within this email constitutes your
acceptance of these terms.

If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been 
wrongfully p|aced in our list, please go here 
(-stox0011@yahoo.com-)

