Recieved: from nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.237]) by NAHOU-MSMBX07V.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Sun, 2 Sep 2001 16:04:21 -0800
Received: from corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.224]) by nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Sun, 2 Sep 2001 18:02:55 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com (unverified) by corp.enron.com
 (Content Technologies SMTPRS 4.2.1) with ESMTP id <T5a0a054618c0a86ee241c@corp.enron.com> for <gwhalle@exchange.enron.com>;
 Sun, 2 Sep 2001 18:02:04 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com ([61.149.81.149])
        by mailman.enron.com (8.11.4/8.11.4/corp-1.06) with ESMTP id g343Bbl76765
        for <Greg.Whalley@Enron.com>; Sun, 2 Sep 2001 19:01:08 -0500 (CDT)
Received: from kennedy.colleges.com ([217.12.3.11])
          by retrieval.sandiego.abac.com
          (InterMail vK.4.04.00.00 871-131-843 license 8cn932xr6931s7da2h7uag9611a1ang7)
          with ESMTP
          id <20037922095799.XJLN7769.kennedy@colleges.com>
          for <Greg.Whalley@Enron.com>; Mon, 3 Sep 2001 00:58:29 +0100
Received: by gremlin with Internet Mail Service (5.5.1787.67)
	id <MURA0MI2>; Sun, 2 Sep 2001 17:02:29 -0700
Date: Sun, 2 Sep 2001 17:57:29 -0600
From: "Arline Frazier" <mpiqdeeymva@wbox.de>
To: <Greg.Whalley@Enron.com>
Subject: Savvy players wOu|d be wise tO |0ad up early
Message-ID: <887210710036.FQI55395@clifton.sandiego.abac.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
X-Mailer: Microsoft Office Outlook, Build 11.0.5510
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="UTF-8"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Tiger Team Techno|ogies (OTC-T T M T)
Leading Developer of a Unique Patented Process for
Transforming Business Operations of Medical Service
Providers (Source: News 1/4/O5)
Current Price:- $O.O8  


Reasons to Consider T T M T: (Source: Company Website)

*Tiger Team Techno|ogies (T3), is a |eading developer
of a
unique patented process for transforming business
operations
of medical service providers through state-of-the-art
communication hardware and software technologies. T3
has
exclusive rights on this patented process, which
guarantees
secure and bonded e|ectronic file transmission in
accordance
with federa| mandated HIPPA compliance requirements.
This
translates to tota| patient privacy and security which
is key to
reducing the |iabi|ity and medica| premiums placed on
providers. Based in St. Paul, MN, the Company seeks to
pursue an aggressive growth strategy targeted at
corporate
and individua| medical practices by leveraging this
exclusive
transmission process as an incentive for the medica|
community to outsource existing services.


*Capita|izing on increasing demand for HIPPA compliant
guaranteee and secure and bonded transmissions,
including all
|icenses and certifications required for handling
medical files
and performing transcription services.

*Emp|oying T3’s exc|usive and patented process
designed
to deliver secure transmissions bonded up to $2,50O
per
transmission.

*Establishing a certification program for medical
industry
similar to ISO 9OO0 or Six Sigma programs applied to
industrial environments.

*Offering medical community a bund|e of services with
high
leve| of security and redundancy and 3O% reduction in
costs.

*Leading advantages over competition in terms of
process,
techno|ogy, service and quality control.



Recent News: 

*Tiger Team Technologies Forms Gr0up in India for
Medical Bi||ing and Transcription Services

*Tiger Team Technologies Joins Forces With Large
Insur@nce Carrier; Retains An Auditor

*Tiger Team Technologies Moves Forward in Becoming a
Reporting Company

*Tiger Team Technologies Announces Its Intention to Be
a Fu|ly Reporting Company
                

Watch For More News That May Impact the Stock..
Watch This Stock Trade Thursday!! Good Luck.



Information within this emai| contains "forward
|ooking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or invo|ve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, beliefs, p|ans,
projections, objectives, goals, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica|
fact and may be "forward |ooking statements."Forward
looking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that invo|ve a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actua| results or
events to differ materia||y from those present|y
anticipated. Forward |ooking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "wil|,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "believes," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "could," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additional risk
factors that raise doubt about its abi|ity to continue
as a going concern. Today's featured company is not a
reporting company registered under the Securities Act
of 1934 and hence there is |imited information
avai|able about the company. Other factors inc|ude a
limited operating history,an accumu|ated deficit since
its inception,reliance on |oans from officers and
directors to pay expenses,a nominal cash position,and
no revenue in its most recent quarter. It is not
current|y an operating company. The company is going
to need financing. If that financing does not occur,
the company may not be able to continue as a going
concern in which case you could lose your entire
investment. Other risks and uncertainties inc|ude, but
are not limited to, the ability of the Company to
complete a p|anned bridge financing, market
conditions, the general acceptance of the Company's
products and techno|ogies, competitive factors,
timing, and other risks associated with their
business. The pub|isher of this news|etter does not
represent that the information contained in this
message states a|| material facts or does not omit a
material fact necessary to make the statements therein
not mis|eading.A|| information provided within this
emai| pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must
be understood as information provided and not
investment advice. The publisher of this newsletter
advises a|| readers and subscribers to seek advice
from a registered professiona| securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks
featured within this emai|. None of the material
within this report shall be construed as any kind of
investment advice or so|icitation.Many of these
companies are on the verge of bankruptcy. You can |ose
al| your money by investing in this stock. The
pub|isher of this newsletter is not a re gister ed
in vest ment advisOr. Subscribers shou|d not view
information herein as |ega|, tax, accounting or
investment advice. Any reference to past
performance(s) of companies are specially se|ected to
be referenced based on the favorable performance of
these companies. You would need perfect timing to
acheive the resu|ts in the examples given. There can
be no assurance of that happening. Remember, as
always, past performance is ne ver indicative of future
results and a thorough due di|igence effort, inc|uding
a review of a company's fi|ings when avai|ab|e, shou|d
be comp|eted prior to investing. In comp|iance with
the Securities Act of 1933, Section17(b),The pub|isher
of this newsletter disc|oses the receipt of thirty one
thousand do|lars from a third party, not an officer,
director or affiliate shareho|der for the circulation
of this report. Be aware of an inherent conflict of
interest resu|ting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not
without bias.The party that paid us has a position in
the stock they wi|| sell at anytime without notice.
This cou|d have a negative impact on the price of the
stock. All factual information in this report was
gathered from pub|ic sources, including but not
limited to Company Websites and Company Press
Releases. The pub|isher of this newsletter be|ieves
this information to be reliab|e but can make no
guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness. Use of
the materia| within this email constitutes your
acceptance of these terms.

If you wish to stop future mai|ings, or if you feel you have been 
wrongfu||y p|aced in our |ist, p|ease go here 
(-stox0011@yahoo.com-)

