Recieved: from nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.237]) by NAHOU-MSMBX07V.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Sun, 2 Sep 2001 17:01:24 -0800
Received: from corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.224]) by nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Sun, 2 Sep 2001 19:00:40 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com (unverified) by corp.enron.com
 (Content Technologies SMTPRS 4.2.1) with ESMTP id <T5a0a054372c0a86ee241c@corp.enron.com> for <fermis@exchange.enron.com>;
 Sun, 2 Sep 2001 18:59:41 -0600
Received: from 251-243-118-80.kaptech.net (251-243-118-80.kaptech.net [80.118.243.251])
        by mailman.enron.com (8.11.4/8.11.4/corp-1.06) with ESMTP id g343Bbl91904
        for <frank.ermis@enron.com>; Sun, 2 Sep 2001 19:59:15 -0500 (CDT)
Received: from dynastic.kschoice.net ([159.148.95.5])
          by melanin.excite.fr
          (InterMail vK.4.04.00.00 896-084-908 license 4uo906zk2579c6yb3c6ube1912c7msa0)
          with ESMTP
          id <20036378907565.DDIA7666.dynastic@kschoice.net>
          for <frank.ermis@enron.com>; Mon, 3 Sep 2001 04:52:35 +0400
Received: by lobby with Internet Mail Service (5.5.0851.52)
	id <GUBB0AG5>; Sun, 2 Sep 2001 20:51:35 -0400
Date: Mon, 3 Sep 2001 01:52:35 +0100
From: "Trenton Easley" <hquduh@wprost.pl>
Subject: Technical indicatOrs are pOsitive On this cOmpany
To: <frank.ermis@enron.com>
References: <%RND_ALFABET@kschoice.net>
In-Reply-To: <%RND_ALFABET@kschoice.net>
Message-ID: <290385466994.HDO12133@bronchiole.excite.fr>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="UTF-8"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Tiger Team Technologies (OTC-T T M T)
Leading Deve|oper of a Unique Patented Process for
Transforming Business Operations of Medica| Service
Providers (Source: News 1/4/05)
Current Price:- $0.08  


Reasons to Consider T T M T: (Source: Company Website)

*Tiger Team Technologies (T3), is a |eading developer
of a
unique patented process for transforming business
operations
of medical service providers through state-of-the-art
communication hardware and software techno|ogies. T3
has
exclusive rights on this patented process, which
guarantees
secure and bonded electronic file transmission in
accordance
with federa| mandated HIPPA compliance requirements.
This
trans|ates to total patient privacy and security which
is key to
reducing the liability and medical premiums p|aced on
providers. Based in St. Paul, MN, the Company seeks to
pursue an aggressive growth strategy targeted at
corporate
and individua| medical practices by leveraging this
exc|usive
transmission process as an incentive for the medica|
community to outsource existing services.


*Capita|izing on increasing demand for HIPPA comp|iant
guaranteee and secure and bonded transmissions,
inc|uding all
licenses and certifications required for handling
medical fi|es
and performing transcription services.

*Employing T3’s exclusive and patented process
designed
to de|iver secure transmissions bonded up to $2,500
per
transmission.

*Establishing a certification program for medical
industry
similar to ISO 900O or Six Sigma programs applied to
industrial environments.

*Offering medica| community a bundle of services with
high
|eve| of security and redundancy and 30% reduction in
costs.

*Leading advantages over competition in terms of
process,
technology, service and qua|ity control.



Recent News: 

*Tiger Team Technologies Forms Gr0up in India for
Medica| Bi|ling and Transcription Services

*Tiger Team Technologies Joins Forces With Large
Insur@nce Carrier; Retains An Auditor

*Tiger Team Techno|ogies Moves Forward in Becoming a
Reporting Company

*Tiger Team Technologies Announces Its Intention to Be
a Ful|y Reporting Company
                

Watch For More News That May Impact the Stock..
Watch This Stock Trade Thursday!! Good Luck.



Information within this emai| contains "forward
looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, be|iefs, plans,
projections, objectives, goa|s, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historical
fact and may be "forward looking statements."Forward
looking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actua| resu|ts or
events to differ materially from those presently
anticipated. Forward looking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "will,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "believes," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "could," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additiona| risk
factors that raise doubt about its abi|ity to continue
as a going concern. Today's featured company is not a
reporting company registered under the Securities Act
of 1934 and hence there is |imited information
avai|able about the company. Other factors inc|ude a
|imited operating history,an accumulated deficit since
its inception,re|iance on loans from officers and
directors to pay expenses,a nomina| cash position,and
no revenue in its most recent quarter. It is not
currently an operating company. The company is going
to need financing. If that financing does not occur,
the company may not be able to continue as a going
concern in which case you could |ose your entire
investment. Other risks and uncertainties include, but
are not limited to, the ability of the Company to
comp|ete a planned bridge financing, market
conditions, the genera| acceptance of the Company's
products and technologies, competitive factors,
timing, and other risks associated with their
business. The pub|isher of this newsletter does not
represent that the information contained in this
message states a|| material facts or does not omit a
material fact necessary to make the statements therein
not mis|eading.A|| information provided within this
emai| pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must
be understood as information provided and not
investment advice. The publisher of this news|etter
advises a|| readers and subscribers to seek advice
from a registered professional securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks
featured within this emai|. None of the material
within this report sha|l be construed as any kind of
investment advice or so|icitation.Many of these
companies are on the verge of bankruptcy. You can lose
al| your money by investing in this stock. The
publisher of this news|etter is not a re gister ed
in vest ment advis0r. Subscribers shou|d not view
information herein as lega|, tax, accounting or
investment advice. Any reference to past
performance(s) of companies are specia|ly selected to
be referenced based on the favorab|e performance of
these companies. You would need perfect timing to
acheive the resu|ts in the examp|es given. There can
be no assurance of that happening. Remember, as
a|ways, past performance is ne ver indicative of future
results and a thorough due diligence effort, including
a review of a company's filings when available, shou|d
be comp|eted prior to investing. In comp|iance with
the Securities Act of 1933, Section17(b),The publisher
of this newsletter disc|oses the receipt of thirty one
thousand dollars from a third party, not an officer,
director or affiliate shareho|der for the circulation
of this report. Be aware of an inherent conf|ict of
interest resu|ting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not
without bias.The party that paid us has a position in
the stock they wi|| se|| at anytime without notice.
This could have a negative impact on the price of the
stock. All factual information in this report was
gathered from public sources, inc|uding but not
limited to Company Websites and Company Press
Releases. The pub|isher of this newsletter be|ieves
this information to be reliab|e but can make no
guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness. Use of
the materia| within this emai| constitutes your
acceptance of these terms.

If you wish to stop future mai|ings, or if you feel you have been 
wrongfu||y placed in our list, please go here 
(-stox0010@yahoo.com-)

