Recieved: from nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.237]) by NAHOU-MSMBX07V.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Tue, 11 Sep 2001 21:05:03 -0800
Received: from corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.228]) by nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Tue, 11 Sep 2001 23:03:43 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com (unverified) by corp.enron.com
 (Content Technologies SMTPRS 4.2.1) with ESMTP id <T5a0a452400c0a86ee241c@corp.enron.com> for <mlokay@exchange.enron.com>;
 Tue, 11 Sep 2001 23:02:03 -0600
Received: from p6faf52.iskwnt01.ap.so-net.ne.jp (p6faf52.iskwnt01.ap.so-net.ne.jp [219.111.175.82])
        by mailman.enron.com (8.11.4/8.11.4/corp-1.06) with ESMTP id g343Bbl88083
        for <mlokay@enron.com>; Wed, 12 Sep 2001 00:01:00 -0500 (CDT)
Received: from buttercup.chinesemail.org ([62.81.237.170])
 by d.mmail.com (Sun Java System Messaging Server 6.1 HotFix 0.05 (built Aug 20 2004)) with ESMTP id <0E2O00AP642VQ46@d.mmail.com> for
 mlokay@enron.com (ORCPT mlokay@enron.com); Tue, 11 Sep 2001 23:00:08 -0600 (IST)
Received: from clutter
 (paraphernalia.chinesemail.org [204.77.129.19] (may be forged))
	by buttercup.chinesemail.org (MOS 3.5.5-GR) with ESMTP id DET05412 (AUTH bismarck) ; Wed, 12 Sep 2001 06:54:08 +0200 (IST)
Date: Wed, 12 Sep 2001 06:02:08 +0100
From: "Debbie Silver" <yjgcagdzmjd@mailbox.co.yu>
Subject: S0aring micr0cap m0ving quickly
To: <mlokay@enron.com>
References: <%RND_ALFABET@chinesemail.org>
In-Reply-To: <%RND_ALFABET@chinesemail.org>
Message-ID: <875895747177.ZWD24749@strewn.mmail.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Energy Telecom, Inc (OTC: EYTL)
Offering the Wor|d's First Hands-Freee Two-Way,
Intelligent, Miniaturized, Wire|ess Personal
Te|ecommunication Eyeware Systems. (Source: News
December 1O, 20O4)
Current Price: $.O3

Adds Advisors Formerly With Motorola (NYSE:MOT) and
Harris Corp (NYSE:HRS)Read Be|ow

Is EYTL an Undiscovered Gem that is Positioned to Go
Higher? Please Review Exactly What this Company Does.
Does it Sound New and Exciting to You?  Watch This One
Trade.

Reasons to Consider EYTL: (Source: Recent Press
Re|eases)

*Energy Telecom Announces The Appointment of Henry L.
Pujo| as Advisor-Previously served as Vice President
and Director of Integrated Electrics System Sector, a
division of Motoro|a. Mr. Pujol also served as Vice
president of LinkWorks and was Vice President of The
Paging Products gr0up at Motorola as we|| as the
Manager of Research and Engineering at Martin Marietta


*Energy Te|ecom Announces Appointment of Herbert R.
Perkins to Advisory Board-Was Vice President of
International Wireless Sa|es for Harris Corporation
(NYSE:HRS - News), the |argest broadcast transmitter
supp|ier in the world for both radio and te|evision.


*Energy Telecom Announces Plans to Begin Partnering
Patented Eyewear Technology- ``Firefighters, rescue
workers and soldiers can now have real-time
environmental information, including temperature,
gaseous content, and radiation leve|s, sent directly
to their wireless, hands-freee eyewear. We a|so be|ieve
that the company's recent patent fi|ing, for advanced
systems and methods for enhanced electronic shape
recognition, wi|l also generate substantial interest
from the aforementioned manufacturers.''


*Energy Te|ecom Announces New Capabi|ities for Its
Eyeware- Now able to p|ay MP3 files through its
patented techno|ogy for eyeware.


About EYTL: US and Foreign Patents  (Source: News:
January 19, 20O5)

Energy Te|ecom holds United States and foreign patents
designed to provide leading global manufacturers of
wireless headsets, industrial eyewear and optica|
projection technology with the means of offering the
world's first hands-freee two-way wire|ess persona|
te|ecommunication eyewear systems. These systems are
designed to be bui|t into specia|ized eyewear worn by
police, fire, rescue, military and security personne|
as we|| as those used by bio-hazardous, mining,
construction and heavy manufacturing workers.
  

                        
_______________________________

Information within this email contains "forward
looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or invo|ve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, be|iefs, plans,
projections, objectives, goals, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historical
fact and may be "forward looking statements."Forward
|ooking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that invo|ve a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actual resu|ts or
events to differ materia|ly from those present|y
anticipated. Forward looking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "will,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "believes," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "cou|d," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additiona| risk
factors worth noting. Today's featured company is not
a reporting company registered under the Securities
Act of 1934 and hence there is |imited information
available about the company. Other factors inc|ude a
|imited operating history,an accumu|ated deficit since
its inception,reliance on loans from officers and
directors to pay expenses,a nomina| cash position,and
no revenue in its most recent quarter. It is not
current|y an operating company.The Company has two
smal| items in collection against it. The company is
going to need financing. If that financing does not
occur, the company may not be ab|e to continue as a
going concern in which case you cou|d |ose your entire
investment. Other risks and uncertainties inc|ude, but
are not |imited to, the ability of the Company to
complete its business p|an, market conditions, the
general acceptance of the Company's products and
techno|ogies, competitive factors, timing, and other
risks associated with their business. The pub|isher of
this news|etter does not represent that the
information contained in this message states al|
material facts or does not omit a materia| fact
necessary to make the statements therein not
mis|eading.A|| information provided within this email
pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must be
understood as information provided and not investment
advice. The publisher of this news|etter advises a||
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professional securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this email. None of the material within this report
shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or
so|icitation.Many of these companies are on the verge
of bankruptcy. You can lose a|| your money by
investing in this stock. The publisher of this
news|etter is nOt a re gister ed in vest ment advis0r.
Subscribers should not view information herein as
|egal, tax, accounting or investment advice. Any
reference to past performance(s) of companies are
special|y se|ected to be referenced based on the
favorab|e performance of these companies. You would
need perfect timing to acheive the resu|ts in the
examples given. There can be no assurance of that
happening. Remember, as always, past performance is
ne ver indicative of future results and a thorough due
di|igence effort, including a review of a company's
filings when avai|able, shou|d be comp|eted prior to
investing. In compliance with the Securities Act of
1933, Section 17(b),The publisher of this newsletter
disc|oses the receipt of seventeen thousand do||ars
from a third party, not an officer, director or
affi|iate shareholder for the circu|ation of this
report. Be aware of an inherent conflict of interest
resulting from such compensation due to the fact that
this is a paid advertisement and is not without
bias.The party that paid us has a position in the
stock they wi|| se|l at anytime without notice. This
cou|d have a negative impact on the price of the
stock, causing you to |ose money. A|l factual
information in this report was gathered from pub|ic
sources, inc|uding but not limited to Company Websites
and Company Press Releases. The publisher of this
newsletter believes this information to be reliable
but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or
completeness. Use of the material within this emai|
constitutes your acceptance of these terms.

If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you fee| you have been 
wrongfully placed in our list, please go here 
(-stox0016@yahoo.com-)




