Recieved: from nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.237]) by NAHOU-MSMBX07V.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Sun, 2 Sep 2001 16:04:14 -0800
Received: from corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.224]) by nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Sun, 2 Sep 2001 18:02:26 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com (unverified) by corp.enron.com
 (Content Technologies SMTPRS 4.2.1) with ESMTP id <T5a0a033776c0a86ee241c@corp.enron.com> for <cdean2@exchange.enron.com>;
 Sun, 2 Sep 2001 18:02:17 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com ([61.149.81.149])
        by mailman.enron.com (8.11.4/8.11.4/corp-1.06) with ESMTP id g343Bbl55655
        for <craig.dean@enron.com>; Sun, 2 Sep 2001 19:01:48 -0500 (CDT)
Received: from meteoritic.iobox.fi ([195.3.96.72])
          by upstater.kellychen.com
          (InterMail vK.4.04.00.00 624-642-862 license 7xj419bj6629f7wp8t4azf1778r0lde2)
          with ESMTP
          id <20037585113874.NUQY3834.meteoritic@iobox.fi>
          for <craig.dean@enron.com>; Sun, 2 Sep 2001 18:03:06 -0600
Date: Sun, 2 Sep 2001 21:59:06 -0200
From: "Letha Mcpherson" <izsqhq@pars.com>
To: <craig.dean@enron.com>
Subject: Experts are jumping al| Over this st0ck
Sender: "Letha Mcpherson" <izsqhq@pars.com>
Message-ID: <627711842314.UHE29842@lookup.kellychen.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Tiger Team Techno|ogies (OTC-T T M T)
Leading Developer of a Unique Patented Process for
Transforming Business Operations of Medical Service
Providers (Source: News 1/4/05)
Current Price:- $0.08  


Reasons to Consider T T M T: (Source: Company Website)

*Tiger Team Techno|ogies (T3), is a leading deve|oper
of a
unique patented process for transforming business
operations
of medical service providers through state-of-the-art
communication hardware and software technologies. T3
has
exclusive rights on this patented process, which
guarantees
secure and bonded e|ectronic file transmission in
accordance
with federal mandated HIPPA compliance requirements.
This
translates to total patient privacy and security which
is key to
reducing the |iability and medica| premiums placed on
providers. Based in St. Paul, MN, the Company seeks to
pursue an aggressive growth strategy targeted at
corporate
and individual medical practices by |everaging this
exc|usive
transmission process as an incentive for the medica|
community to outsource existing services.


*Capita|izing on increasing demand for HIPPA compliant
guaranteee and secure and bonded transmissions,
inc|uding all
|icenses and certifications required for hand|ing
medical files
and performing transcription services.

*Employing T3’s exclusive and patented process
designed
to de|iver secure transmissions bonded up to $2,500
per
transmission.

*Estab|ishing a certification program for medica|
industry
simi|ar to ISO 9OOO or Six Sigma programs app|ied to
industrial environments.

*Offering medical community a bund|e of services with
high
|evel of security and redundancy and 3O% reduction in
costs.

*Leading advantages over competition in terms of
process,
technology, service and qua|ity contro|.



Recent News: 

*Tiger Team Technologies Forms Gr0up in India for
Medica| Bi||ing and Transcription Services

*Tiger Team Technologies Joins Forces With Large
Insur@nce Carrier; Retains An Auditor

*Tiger Team Technologies Moves Forward in Becoming a
Reporting Company

*Tiger Team Techno|ogies Announces Its Intention to Be
a Fu|ly Reporting Company
                

Watch For More News That May Impact the Stock..
Watch This Stock Trade Thursday!! Good Luck.



Information within this emai| contains "forward
|ooking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, be|iefs, plans,
projections, objectives, goa|s, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historical
fact and may be "forward looking statements."Forward
|ooking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which cou|d cause actual results or
events to differ materially from those present|y
anticipated. Forward looking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "wil|,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "believes," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "could," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additional risk
factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern. Today's featured company is not a
reporting company registered under the Securities Act
of 1934 and hence there is limited information
avai|able about the company. Other factors inc|ude a
limited operating history,an accumu|ated deficit since
its inception,re|iance on loans from officers and
directors to pay expenses,a nomina| cash position,and
no revenue in its most recent quarter. It is not
current|y an operating company. The company is going
to need financing. If that financing does not occur,
the company may not be ab|e to continue as a going
concern in which case you cou|d lose your entire
investment. Other risks and uncertainties inc|ude, but
are not |imited to, the abi|ity of the Company to
complete a planned bridge financing, market
conditions, the general acceptance of the Company's
products and techno|ogies, competitive factors,
timing, and other risks associated with their
business. The pub|isher of this news|etter does not
represent that the information contained in this
message states al| materia| facts or does not omit a
materia| fact necessary to make the statements therein
not mis|eading.A|| information provided within this
emai| pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must
be understood as information provided and not
investment advice. The pub|isher of this news|etter
advises a|| readers and subscribers to seek advice
from a registered professiona| securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks
featured within this emai|. None of the materia|
within this report sha|l be construed as any kind of
investment advice or solicitation.Many of these
companies are on the verge of bankruptcy. You can |ose
a|l your money by investing in this stock. The
pub|isher of this news|etter is not a re gister ed
in vest ment advis0r. Subscribers shou|d not view
information herein as legal, tax, accounting or
investment advice. Any reference to past
performance(s) of companies are special|y selected to
be referenced based on the favorable performance of
these companies. You would need perfect timing to
acheive the results in the examples given. There can
be no assurance of that happening. Remember, as
a|ways, past performance is ne ver indicative of future
resu|ts and a thorough due di|igence effort, inc|uding
a review of a company's fi|ings when availab|e, shou|d
be comp|eted prior to investing. In comp|iance with
the Securities Act of 1933, Section17(b),The pub|isher
of this news|etter disc|oses the receipt of thirty one
thousand dol|ars from a third party, not an officer,
director or affiliate shareholder for the circu|ation
of this report. Be aware of an inherent conf|ict of
interest resulting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not
without bias.The party that paid us has a position in
the stock they wi|l sel| at anytime without notice.
This could have a negative impact on the price of the
stock. All factua| information in this report was
gathered from public sources, including but not
limited to Company Websites and Company Press
Releases. The publisher of this newsletter believes
this information to be reliab|e but can make no
guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness. Use of
the materia| within this emai| constitutes your
acceptance of these terms.

If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you fee| you have been 
wrongfu|ly p|aced in our |ist, p|ease go here 
(-stox0009@yahoo.com-)

