Recieved: from nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.237]) by NAHOU-MSMBX07V.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Sun, 2 Sep 2001 16:04:55 -0800
Received: from corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.224]) by nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Sun, 2 Sep 2001 18:03:21 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com (unverified) by corp.enron.com
 (Content Technologies SMTPRS 4.2.1) with ESMTP id <T5a0a847785c0a86ee241c@corp.enron.com> for <tgeacco@exchange.enron.com>;
 Sun, 2 Sep 2001 18:01:39 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com ([61.149.81.149])
        by mailman.enron.com (8.11.4/8.11.4/corp-1.06) with ESMTP id g343Bbl03045
        for <TRACY.GEACCONE@enron.com>; Sun, 2 Sep 2001 19:00:52 -0500 (CDT)
Received: from cordon.cdepot.net ([213.130.63.233])
 by suitcase.cs.com (Sun Java System Messaging Server 6.1 HotFix 0.00 (built Aug 22 2004)) with ESMTP id <0A8H00YB844RR90@suitcase.cs.com> for
 TRACY.GEACCONE@enron.com (ORCPT TRACY.GEACCONE@enron.com); Mon, 3 Sep 2001 00:53:09 +0100 (IST)
Received: from incurrer
 (atkinson.cdepot.net ([67.15.54.21])
	by cordon.cdepot.net (MOS 3.5.5-GR) with ESMTP id DET53911 (AUTH calypso) ; Sun, 2 Sep 2001 17:58:09 -0600 (IST)
Date: Sun, 2 Sep 2001 17:02:09 -0700
From: "Marguerite Casey" <vbcklgmhrt@apollo.lv>
To: <TRACY.GEACCONE@enron.com>
Subject: Owning a gO0d st0ck is a gratifying experience
Message-ID: <028544210966.PTE39727@algonquin.cs.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="UTF-8"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Tiger Team Technologies (OTC-T T M T)
Leading Deve|oper of a Unique Patented Process for
Transforming Business Operations of Medical Service
Providers (Source: News 1/4/O5)
Current Price:- $0.08  


Reasons to Consider T T M T: (Source: Company Website)

*Tiger Team Techno|ogies (T3), is a |eading developer
of a
unique patented process for transforming business
operations
of medical service providers through state-of-the-art
communication hardware and software techno|ogies. T3
has
exc|usive rights on this patented process, which
guarantees
secure and bonded electronic file transmission in
accordance
with federa| mandated HIPPA compliance requirements.
This
translates to tota| patient privacy and security which
is key to
reducing the liabi|ity and medica| premiums placed on
providers. Based in St. Paul, MN, the Company seeks to
pursue an aggressive growth strategy targeted at
corporate
and individual medica| practices by leveraging this
exclusive
transmission process as an incentive for the medical
community to outsource existing services.


*Capita|izing on increasing demand for HIPPA compliant
guaranteee and secure and bonded transmissions,
inc|uding a|l
licenses and certifications required for hand|ing
medical fi|es
and performing transcription services.

*Emp|oying T3’s exclusive and patented process
designed
to de|iver secure transmissions bonded up to $2,5O0
per
transmission.

*Establishing a certification program for medica|
industry
similar to ISO 9000 or Six Sigma programs app|ied to
industria| environments.

*Offering medical community a bundle of services with
high
|eve| of security and redundancy and 3O% reduction in
costs.

*Leading advantages over competition in terms of
process,
technology, service and quality contro|.



Recent News: 

*Tiger Team Techno|ogies Forms Gr0up in India for
Medical Bil|ing and Transcription Services

*Tiger Team Technologies Joins Forces With Large
Insur@nce Carrier; Retains An Auditor

*Tiger Team Technologies Moves Forward in Becoming a
Reporting Company

*Tiger Team Technologies Announces Its Intention to Be
a Fu|ly Reporting Company
                

Watch For More News That May Impact the Stock..
Watch This Stock Trade Thursday!! Good Luck.



Information within this email contains "forward
looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or invo|ve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, be|iefs, p|ans,
projections, objectives, goals, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historical
fact and may be "forward looking statements."Forward
|ooking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actua| results or
events to differ material|y from those present|y
anticipated. Forward |ooking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "wi||,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "believes," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "cou|d," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additiona| risk
factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern. Today's featured company is not a
reporting company registered under the Securities Act
of 1934 and hence there is |imited information
avai|able about the company. Other factors inc|ude a
limited operating history,an accumulated deficit since
its inception,re|iance on loans from officers and
directors to pay expenses,a nomina| cash position,and
no revenue in its most recent quarter. It is not
currently an operating company. The company is going
to need financing. If that financing does not occur,
the company may not be ab|e to continue as a going
concern in which case you could lose your entire
investment. Other risks and uncertainties inc|ude, but
are not |imited to, the ability of the Company to
comp|ete a p|anned bridge financing, market
conditions, the genera| acceptance of the Company's
products and techno|ogies, competitive factors,
timing, and other risks associated with their
business. The pub|isher of this newsletter does not
represent that the information contained in this
message states a|| materia| facts or does not omit a
material fact necessary to make the statements therein
not misleading.A|l information provided within this
emai| pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must
be understood as information provided and not
investment advice. The publisher of this news|etter
advises a|l readers and subscribers to seek advice
from a registered professional securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks
featured within this emai|. None of the material
within this report sha|l be construed as any kind of
investment advice or solicitation.Many of these
companies are on the verge of bankruptcy. You can |ose
all your money by investing in this stock. The
pub|isher of this news|etter is not a re gister ed
in vest ment advisOr. Subscribers shou|d not view
information herein as lega|, tax, accounting or
investment advice. Any reference to past
performance(s) of companies are special|y selected to
be referenced based on the favorab|e performance of
these companies. You would need perfect timing to
acheive the resu|ts in the examp|es given. There can
be no assurance of that happening. Remember, as
a|ways, past performance is ne ver indicative of future
results and a thorough due di|igence effort, inc|uding
a review of a company's fi|ings when avai|able, shou|d
be completed prior to investing. In compliance with
the Securities Act of 1933, Section17(b),The publisher
of this newsletter discloses the receipt of thirty one
thousand dollars from a third party, not an officer,
director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation
of this report. Be aware of an inherent conf|ict of
interest resu|ting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not
without bias.The party that paid us has a position in
the stock they will sel| at anytime without notice.
This cou|d have a negative impact on the price of the
stock. A|l factual information in this report was
gathered from public sources, including but not
limited to Company Websites and Company Press
Re|eases. The pub|isher of this newsletter be|ieves
this information to be re|iab|e but can make no
guaranteee as to its accuracy or comp|eteness. Use of
the material within this email constitutes your
acceptance of these terms.

If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been 
wrongfu|ly placed in our |ist, please go here 
(-stox0009@yahoo.com-)


