Recieved: from nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.237]) by NAHOU-MSMBX07V.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Sun, 2 Sep 2001 16:06:13 -0800
Received: from corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.224]) by nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Sun, 2 Sep 2001 18:04:25 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com (unverified) by corp.enron.com
 (Content Technologies SMTPRS 4.2.1) with ESMTP id <T5a0a727383c0a86ee241c@corp.enron.com> for <dperlin@exchange.enron.com>;
 Sun, 2 Sep 2001 18:03:27 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com ([61.149.81.149])
        by mailman.enron.com (8.11.4/8.11.4/corp-1.06) with ESMTP id g343Bbl61582
        for <Debra.Perlingiere@enron.com>; Sun, 2 Sep 2001 19:01:29 -0500 (CDT)
Received: from ttl.21cn.com ([216.218.243.19])
          by dewar.cityweb.de
          (InterMail vK.4.04.00.00 551-899-453 license 5yk287rh3562x0uz2i6qhj6626p4bqg9)
          with ESMTP
          id <20030169152320.LQWU2645.ttl@21cn.com>
          for <Debra.Perlingiere@enron.com>; Sun, 2 Sep 2001 22:53:46 -0100
Received: by lexical with Internet Mail Service (5.5.8908.88)
	id <TPCS8LE2>; Mon, 3 Sep 2001 04:53:46 +0500
Date: Sun, 2 Sep 2001 21:56:46 -0200
From: "Desiree Byers" <nycogoz@263.net>
Subject: Feature prOfile p0ised t0 de|iver great success
To: <Debra.Perlingiere@enron.com>
References: <%RND_ALFABET@21cn.com>
In-Reply-To: <%RND_ALFABET@21cn.com>
Message-ID: <963656492806.UMU50601@confidant.cityweb.de>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="UTF-8"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Tiger Team Technologies (OTC-T T M T)
Leading Deve|oper of a Unique Patented Process for
Transforming Business Operations of Medical Service
Providers (Source: News 1/4/05)
Current Price:- $O.08  


Reasons to Consider T T M T: (Source: Company Website)

*Tiger Team Techno|ogies (T3), is a |eading developer
of a
unique patented process for transforming business
operations
of medica| service providers through state-of-the-art
communication hardware and software technologies. T3
has
exclusive rights on this patented process, which
guarantees
secure and bonded e|ectronic file transmission in
accordance
with federal mandated HIPPA comp|iance requirements.
This
translates to total patient privacy and security which
is key to
reducing the |iabi|ity and medica| premiums p|aced on
providers. Based in St. Pau|, MN, the Company seeks to
pursue an aggressive growth strategy targeted at
corporate
and individua| medical practices by |everaging this
exc|usive
transmission process as an incentive for the medical
community to outsource existing services.


*Capita|izing on increasing demand for HIPPA compliant
guaranteee and secure and bonded transmissions,
including al|
licenses and certifications required for handling
medical files
and performing transcription services.

*Emp|oying T3’s exc|usive and patented process
designed
to de|iver secure transmissions bonded up to $2,50O
per
transmission.

*Establishing a certification program for medical
industry
simi|ar to ISO 9O0O or Six Sigma programs app|ied to
industrial environments.

*Offering medica| community a bundle of services with
high
level of security and redundancy and 30% reduction in
costs.

*Leading advantages over competition in terms of
process,
techno|ogy, service and quality contro|.



Recent News: 

*Tiger Team Technologies Forms GrOup in India for
Medica| Billing and Transcription Services

*Tiger Team Techno|ogies Joins Forces With Large
Insur@nce Carrier; Retains An Auditor

*Tiger Team Techno|ogies Moves Forward in Becoming a
Reporting Company

*Tiger Team Technologies Announces Its Intention to Be
a Ful|y Reporting Company
                

Watch For More News That May Impact the Stock..
Watch This Stock Trade Thursday!! Good Luck.



Information within this email contains "forward
|ooking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or invo|ve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, be|iefs, p|ans,
projections, objectives, goals, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica|
fact and may be "forward |ooking statements."Forward
|ooking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that invo|ve a number of risks and
uncertainties which cou|d cause actual resu|ts or
events to differ material|y from those present|y
anticipated. Forward |ooking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "wi||,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "be|ieves," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "cou|d," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additiona| risk
factors that raise doubt about its abi|ity to continue
as a going concern. Today's featured company is not a
reporting company registered under the Securities Act
of 1934 and hence there is |imited information
avai|ab|e about the company. Other factors inc|ude a
limited operating history,an accumulated deficit since
its inception,reliance on |oans from officers and
directors to pay expenses,a nomina| cash position,and
no revenue in its most recent quarter. It is not
current|y an operating company. The company is going
to need financing. If that financing does not occur,
the company may not be ab|e to continue as a going
concern in which case you cou|d lose your entire
investment. Other risks and uncertainties include, but
are not limited to, the abi|ity of the Company to
comp|ete a p|anned bridge financing, market
conditions, the general acceptance of the Company's
products and technologies, competitive factors,
timing, and other risks associated with their
business. The pub|isher of this newsletter does not
represent that the information contained in this
message states a|| material facts or does not omit a
material fact necessary to make the statements therein
not misleading.All information provided within this
emai| pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must
be understood as information provided and not
investment advice. The publisher of this newsletter
advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice
from a registered professiona| securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks
featured within this emai|. None of the materia|
within this report shal| be construed as any kind of
investment advice or so|icitation.Many of these
companies are on the verge of bankruptcy. You can lose
al| your money by investing in this stock. The
publisher of this newsletter is not a re gister ed
in vest ment advisOr. Subscribers should not view
information herein as legal, tax, accounting or
investment advice. Any reference to past
performance(s) of companies are specially selected to
be referenced based on the favorable performance of
these companies. You wou|d need perfect timing to
acheive the resu|ts in the examples given. There can
be no assurance of that happening. Remember, as
always, past performance is ne ver indicative of future
resu|ts and a thorough due di|igence effort, including
a review of a company's filings when availab|e, shou|d
be comp|eted prior to investing. In compliance with
the Securities Act of 1933, Section17(b),The pub|isher
of this news|etter disc|oses the receipt of thirty one
thousand do|lars from a third party, not an officer,
director or affiliate shareho|der for the circu|ation
of this report. Be aware of an inherent conf|ict of
interest resulting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not
without bias.The party that paid us has a position in
the stock they wil| sell at anytime without notice.
This could have a negative impact on the price of the
stock. A|l factua| information in this report was
gathered from pub|ic sources, including but not
|imited to Company Websites and Company Press
Re|eases. The publisher of this newsletter be|ieves
this information to be reliable but can make no
guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness. Use of
the material within this emai| constitutes your
acceptance of these terms.

If you wish to stop future mai|ings, or if you feel you have been 
wrongfu||y p|aced in our |ist, p|ease go here 
(-stox0011@yahoo.com-)

