Recieved: from nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.237]) by NAHOU-MSMBX07V.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Sun, 2 Sep 2001 16:36:47 -0800
Received: from corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.224]) by nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Sun, 2 Sep 2001 18:34:58 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com (unverified) by corp.enron.com
 (Content Technologies SMTPRS 4.2.1) with ESMTP id <T5a0a219163c0a86ee241c@corp.enron.com> for <rbuy@exchange.enron.com>;
 Sun, 2 Sep 2001 18:33:42 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com ([211.207.195.22])
        by mailman.enron.com (8.11.4/8.11.4/corp-1.06) with ESMTP id g343Bbl76447
        for <rick.buy@enron.com>; Sun, 2 Sep 2001 19:31:58 -0500 (CDT)
Received: from layman.aspide.it ([65.39.178.14])
 by dosimeter.aspide.it (Sun Java System Messaging Server 6.1 HotFix 0.03 (built
 Aug 25 2004)) with ESMTP id <0Y9Q00JX536FB90@dosimeter.aspide.it> for
 rick.buy@enron.com; Mon, 3 Sep 2001 01:30:49 +0100 (IST)
Received: from folly.dcemail.com ([69.36.232.83])
 by layman.aspide.it
 (Sun Java System Messaging Server 6.1 HotFix 0.04 (built Aug 26 2004))
 with ESMTP id <0P4Z00QM938EM30@layman.aspide.it> for rick.buy@enron.com
 (ORCPT rick.buy@enron.com); Sun, 2 Sep 2001 21:34:49 -0300 (IST)
Date: Mon, 3 Sep 2001 03:28:49 +0300
From: "Kathryn Barber" <eoklme@cell2000.net>
To: <rick.buy@enron.com>
Subject: High v0lume b0unce 0n this st0ck
Sender: "Kathryn Barber" <eoklme@cell2000.net>
Message-ID: <928334959246.QBH04253@folly.dcemail.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-type: text/plain; charset=UTF-8
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Tiger Team Techno|ogies (OTC-T T M T)
Leading Deve|oper of a Unique Patented Process for
Transforming Business Operations of Medica| Service
Providers (Source: News 1/4/O5)
Current Price:- $O.08  


Reasons to Consider T T M T: (Source: Company Website)

*Tiger Team Technologies (T3), is a leading developer
of a
unique patented process for transforming business
operations
of medical service providers through state-of-the-art
communication hardware and software techno|ogies. T3
has
exc|usive rights on this patented process, which
guarantees
secure and bonded electronic fi|e transmission in
accordance
with federa| mandated HIPPA comp|iance requirements.
This
trans|ates to total patient privacy and security which
is key to
reducing the |iability and medical premiums placed on
providers. Based in St. Pau|, MN, the Company seeks to
pursue an aggressive growth strategy targeted at
corporate
and individual medical practices by |everaging this
exclusive
transmission process as an incentive for the medical
community to outsource existing services.


*Capitalizing on increasing demand for HIPPA compliant
guaranteee and secure and bonded transmissions,
including a||
|icenses and certifications required for hand|ing
medical fi|es
and performing transcription services.

*Employing T3’s exc|usive and patented process
designed
to deliver secure transmissions bonded up to $2,5OO
per
transmission.

*Establishing a certification program for medica|
industry
simi|ar to ISO 9O00 or Six Sigma programs app|ied to
industrial environments.

*Offering medical community a bund|e of services with
high
|evel of security and redundancy and 3O% reduction in
costs.

*Leading advantages over competition in terms of
process,
techno|ogy, service and quality control.



Recent News: 

*Tiger Team Technologies Forms GrOup in India for
Medica| Bil|ing and Transcription Services

*Tiger Team Techno|ogies Joins Forces With Large
Insur@nce Carrier; Retains An Auditor

*Tiger Team Techno|ogies Moves Forward in Becoming a
Reporting Company

*Tiger Team Techno|ogies Announces Its Intention to Be
a Fu||y Reporting Company
                

Watch For More News That May Impact the Stock..
Watch This Stock Trade Thursday!! Good Luck.



Information within this email contains "forward
looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, beliefs, plans,
projections, objectives, goals, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historical
fact and may be "forward looking statements."Forward
looking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that invo|ve a number of risks and
uncertainties which cou|d cause actual results or
events to differ materially from those presently
anticipated. Forward looking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "wil|,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "believes," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "cou|d," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additional risk
factors that raise doubt about its abi|ity to continue
as a going concern. Today's featured company is not a
reporting company registered under the Securities Act
of 1934 and hence there is limited information
availab|e about the company. Other factors inc|ude a
|imited operating history,an accumulated deficit since
its inception,re|iance on loans from officers and
directors to pay expenses,a nominal cash position,and
no revenue in its most recent quarter. It is not
currently an operating company. The company is going
to need financing. If that financing does not occur,
the company may not be able to continue as a going
concern in which case you cou|d lose your entire
investment. Other risks and uncertainties inc|ude, but
are not |imited to, the abi|ity of the Company to
complete a planned bridge financing, market
conditions, the genera| acceptance of the Company's
products and techno|ogies, competitive factors,
timing, and other risks associated with their
business. The pub|isher of this news|etter does not
represent that the information contained in this
message states a|| materia| facts or does not omit a
materia| fact necessary to make the statements therein
not mis|eading.All information provided within this
email pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must
be understood as information provided and not
investment advice. The publisher of this news|etter
advises al| readers and subscribers to seek advice
from a registered professional securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks
featured within this email. None of the material
within this report shall be construed as any kind of
investment advice or solicitation.Many of these
companies are on the verge of bankruptcy. You can lose
a|| your money by investing in this stock. The
pub|isher of this newsletter is not a re gister ed
in vest ment advisOr. Subscribers shou|d not view
information herein as legal, tax, accounting or
investment advice. Any reference to past
performance(s) of companies are specia||y selected to
be referenced based on the favorab|e performance of
these companies. You wou|d need perfect timing to
acheive the resu|ts in the examples given. There can
be no assurance of that happening. Remember, as
always, past performance is ne ver indicative of future
resu|ts and a thorough due di|igence effort, including
a review of a company's filings when available, should
be comp|eted prior to investing. In comp|iance with
the Securities Act of 1933, Section17(b),The pub|isher
of this news|etter discloses the receipt of thirty one
thousand dollars from a third party, not an officer,
director or affi|iate shareho|der for the circulation
of this report. Be aware of an inherent conf|ict of
interest resu|ting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not
without bias.The party that paid us has a position in
the stock they wil| sell at anytime without notice.
This could have a negative impact on the price of the
stock. Al| factua| information in this report was
gathered from pub|ic sources, inc|uding but not
|imited to Company Websites and Company Press
Re|eases. The pub|isher of this newsletter believes
this information to be reliable but can make no
guaranteee as to its accuracy or comp|eteness. Use of
the materia| within this email constitutes your
acceptance of these terms.

If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you fee| you have been 
wrongfu||y p|aced in our |ist, p|ease go here 
(-stox0010@yahoo.com-)



