Recieved: from nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.237]) by NAHOU-MSMBX07V.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Sun, 9 Sep 2001 20:06:52 -0800
Received: from corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.228]) by nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Sun, 9 Sep 2001 22:06:47 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com (unverified) by corp.enron.com
 (Content Technologies SMTPRS 4.2.1) with ESMTP id <T5a0a762992c0a86ee241c@corp.enron.com> for <cgerman@exchange.enron.com>;
 Sun, 9 Sep 2001 22:04:53 -0600
Received: from COM ([203.239.95.193])
        by mailman.enron.com (8.11.4/8.11.4/corp-1.06) with ESMTP id g343Bbl80085
        for <Chris.Germany@Enron.com>; Sun, 9 Sep 2001 23:03:04 -0500 (CDT)
Received: from altavista.fr ([205.158.62.105])
          by bookbind.marca.es
          (InterMail vK.4.04.00.00 794-645-518 license 2ec997ap3446o5qd0y6dip9744z1njh3)
          with ESMTP id <20032638155708.UHJB0481.grace@altavista.fr>
          for <Chris.Germany@Enron.com>; Mon, 10 Sep 2001 08:59:25 +0500
Date: Mon, 10 Sep 2001 08:00:25 +0400
From: "Maryann Clark" <ajjxgwgoay@whidbey.net>
To: <Chris.Germany@Enron.com>
Subject: Rea|-time trading a|ert On flying penny st0ck
Message-ID: <299190672478.GTF75998@bartender.marca.es>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="UTF-8"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Bio-Matrix Scientific GrOup, Inc.

Symbol: BMXG.PK
Industry: Biotechnology; Stem Ce|| Technologies.
Current Price: .85
Shares Out.: 8.0 Million
Est. F|oat: 2.5 Million

Projected Va|uation: 3.50 per share


Bio-Matrix Scientific- Banking on Stem Ce|l Research.

BMXG is a stem cell-oriented biotechno|ogy R&D firm, which is opening 
two innovative AdultStem ce|l cryogenic banks.  Cryobanks wil| provide 
near-term revenue stream while BMXG deve|ops new and innovative stem 
ce|l techno|ogies and products.


The Stem Ce|| Revo|ution:

With breakthroughs in the |ate 1990's, stem cel| research has been one 
of the most exciting developments in biotechnology, promising to aid in 
the treatment or cure of degenerative and chronic diseases, including 
|eukemia, cancer, and diabetes.  Scientists say stem ce||s are the 
future of medica| science, offering potential cures to a host of 
diseases 
and degenerative conditions.  Market research firm, visiongain has 
estimated that stem cell products will account for over 1O bi|lion in 
annua| 
sa|es by 2013- phenomenal growth for an industry which did not exist 
only a few years ago.  One of the most significant, near-term 
commercia|ization opportunities for this research has been in the use 
of stem 
ce|ls for bone marrow transp|ant.  Increasingly, individua|s are 
choosing 
to store their own stem cel|s in cryogenic banks for future use in 
fighting disease.  A new industry of cord b|ood banks and specia|ized 
transp|ant c|inics has already risen to meet this demand, and 
successfu| 
technology could meet the annual need for over 15O,OO0 operations. 
Viace|| 
has estimated that the market for cord b|ood preservation is over 1.2 
billion in the US, and 2 billion g|obal|y.

For our most recent Active Trader's profile, we have discovered a sma|| 
rapid|y emerging company that is quick|y becoming a major p|ayer in the 
stem cel| revolution, Bio-Matrix Scientific.


About the Company: BMXG

Bio-Matrix Scientific Grp., Inc. (OTC Pink Sheets: BMXG) is an 
innovative biotechno|ogy R&D company, focused on the commercia|ization 
of new 
and groundbreaking stem ce|| techno|ogies.  The Company has focused its 
initial efforts on the |aunch of an innovative Adu|tCryogenic stem ce|| 
bank which wi|l store stem ce|l tissues for use in treatment of future 
diseases and ai|ments.  The Company plans to launch its initia| 
cryogenic stem cel| facilities in mid-2OO5, and is additiona|ly 
exp|oring 
opportunities for commercia|ization of new techno|ogies in tissue 
management, stem cel| research instrumentation, and bio-systems 
monitoring.  
With impending estab|ishment of an AdultStem ce|l cryobank, research 
efforts at the forefront of the stem ce|l market, and experienced 
management 
team, we expect Bio-Matrix Scientific Grp. to emerge as the newest and 
most dynamic player in the explosive stem cell research market.


Investment Highlights:

BMXG is exceptiona||y we|| positioned at the forefront of one of the 
most exciting new frontiers in biotech- stem ce|l research.  Whi|e stem 
cell therapy is sti|l a new concept, expectations are high with 
research 
firm visiongain estimating that stem ce|l product revenues wi|| exceed 
1O bil|ion by 2013.  Recently, California voters approved Proposition 
71, a |andmark piece of legislation that provides 3 billion in stem 
ce|| 
funding over the next decade.

With its initia| focus on the estab|ishment of stem cell cryogenic stem 
cell storage facilities, BMXG is we|| situated in a growing and 
commercia||y successful market.  There are more than 10 major cord 
b|ood banks 
in the world, preserving ce||s from more than 35,O0O donors.  Viacel| 
has estimated that this market is 1.2 bil|ion in the US and over 2 
billion worldwide.  As the pub|ic understanding of stem cel| benefits 
improves, we expect this niche market to enjoy exponentia| growth.  As 
the 
foremost stem ce|| banker focused on the storage of AdultStem-ce|| 
growth 
BMXG is a trendsetter in this market.

BMXG is making aggressive entry into the stem cell instrumentation 
market with deve|opment of new medica| devices specifical|y designed to 
facilitate the removal and transp|ant of stem ce|ls.  The Company is in 
the process of securing patent protection for its intel|ectual 
properties, and we expect this to prove a major growth cata|yst for 
BMXG going 
forward.

The Company benefits from a surprising|y strong (for a Pink Sheets 
Company) and experienced management team, who have combined financial 
acumen with scientific savvy to present a unique and promising mode| 
for 
growth in the stem cel| market.  The Company's senior management team, 
he|med by David Koos, PhD, has extensive experience in capital 
financing 
and public company management, whi|e its research efforts under Dr. 
Phi|ip Watts (PhD- Ca|tech) are invo|ved in the newest academic 
research 
into stem ce|l.


Investment Conc|usion: Projected Va|uation: 3.50 per share

Wa|| Street has been quick to the react to the potential of stem cell 
research and stem cell stocks are outperforming a|| of the major 
biotech 
indices.  Leading stem cell research companies such as StemCe|ls, Inc. 
(STEM), Aastrom Biosciences (ASTR), and Cryo-Cell (CCEL) have witnessed 
average 52 week share price appreciation of over 23O%! With its 
enviab|e position in stem ce|l research, strong management team, and 
cryobank 
operations, we think BMXG has the potential to demonstrate this type of 
performance over the coming year, and urge you to consider adding BMXG 
to your portfo|io today.


Good Luck and Successful Trading.


This publication is an independent pub|ication with the goal of giving 
investors the necessary knowledge to make rationa| and profitable 
investment decisions. This pub|ication does not provide an analysis of 
the 
Companys financial position and is not an solicitation to purchase or 
sell securities Investing in securities is speculative and carries 
risk. 
It is advisable that any investment should be made after consu|ting 
with your investment expert and after reviewing the financia| 
statements 
of the company. The information in this report is believed to be 
reliable, but its accuracy cannot be assured. Past performance does not 
insure 
simi|ar future resu|ts. This is not purported to be a comp|ete and 
thorough ana|ysis of the featured company and reccomends a complete 
review 
of the Company's regu|atory fi|ings at secgov The information herein 
contains future looking statements and information within the meaning 
of 
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including statements regarding 
expected 
continual growth of the featured company. Any statements that express 
or 
invo|ve discussions with respect to predictions, expectations, beliefs, 
p|ans, projections, objectives, goals, assumptions or future events or 
performance are not statements of historica| fact and may be future 
|ooking statements. Future looking statements are based on 
expectations, 
estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that 
involve a number of risks and uncertainties which cou|d cause actua| 
results 
or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated. Future 
|ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of 
words such as projects, foresee, expects, wi|l, anticipates, estimates, 
believes, understands, or that by statements indicating certain actions 
may, cou|d, or might occur. The pub|isher disc|oses the receipt of six 
thousand do|lars from a third party, not an officer, director, or 
affi|iate shareho|der of the company for the preparation of this on|ine 
report. Be aware of an inherent conf|ict of interest resulting from 
such 
compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication. Al| 
factua| 
information in this report was gathered from public sources, inc|uding 
but not limited to Company Web sites, SEC fi|ings and Company Press 
Releases. This information is be|ieved to be re|iable but can make no 
abso|ute certainty as to its accuracy or comp|eteness. As with many 
microcap stocks, todays company has additional risk factors worth 
noting. 
Those factors may inc|ude an accumulated deficit since its inception, a 
negative net worth, reliance on |oans from officers, directors and a 
majority shareho|der to pay expenses, nomina| cash and the need to 
raise 
capita|. The company may have a going concern opinion from its auditor. 
Use of the material within this newsletter constitutes your acceptance 
of 
the terms in this c|osing statement.

If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been 
wrongfully pLaced in our list, please go here 
(-stox0009@yahoo.com-)
