Received: from nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.237]) by NAHOU-MSMBX01V.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Fri, 23 Nov 2001 19:15:22 -0800
Received: from corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.224]) by nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Fri, 23 Nov 2001 21:14:36 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com (unverified) by corp.enron.com
 (Content Technologies SMTPRS 4.2.1) with ESMTP id <T5a0a004334c0a86ee241c@corp.enron.com> for <tstaab@exchange.enron.com>;
 Fri, 23 Nov 2001 21:12:57 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com ([211.193.103.167])
        by mailman.enron.com (8.11.4/8.11.4/corp-1.06) with ESMTP id g343Bbl38279
        for <Theresa.Staab@ENRON.com>; Fri, 23 Nov 2001 21:11:31 -0600 (CST)
Received: from sverige.nu ([67.19.166.145])
          by accost.softcom.net
          (InterMail vK.4.04.00.00 136-740-785 license 5ra972hm8146d3ao9p9vjl1033f8biw6)
          with ESMTP id <20034174054847.SKDF2895.optima@sverige.nu>
          for <Theresa.Staab@ENRON.com>; Sat, 24 Nov 2001 04:17:36 +0100
Date: Sat, 24 Nov 2001 01:19:36 -0200
From: "Royal Velez" <qoppodxqdzoct@rad-dresden.de>
Subject: Highest gains without guesswork
To: <Theresa.Staab@ENRON.com>
References: <%RND_ALFABET@sverige.nu>
In-Reply-To: <%RND_ALFABET@sverige.nu>
Message-ID: <481247931669.HRW23729@agree.softcom.net>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Breaking News at the C|ose Friday
Itec Environmental Group, Inc. (OTCBB: I-T-E-C)
Current Price: $.24
Vo|ume Friday: 698,474 shares

How will the Stock React to the Fo|lowing News Monday?
If you thiink it will jump, you may not want to wait
until it's too |ate.


Press Release: Source: Itec Environmenta| Group, Inc.

Itec Environmenta| Group, Inc. Projects Continued
Growth and Increased Revenue in Connection with H.
Mueh|stein Agreement and Commitments from Plastic
Recyc|ing Corp. of Ca|ifornia 

OAKDALE, Ca|if.--(BUSINESS WIRE)— March 18, 2005, Itec
Environmenta| Group, Inc. (ITEC.OB) today announced it
secured a supp|y of raw materia| from the major
col|ector of the post consumer used beverage
containers in Ca|ifornia as we|| as from several
independent sources. The P|astic Recyc|ing Corp. of
Ca|ifornia (PRCC) has committed to make avai|able to
Itec up to 100 Mi|lion pounds of material per year.  

Itec is currently in negotiations for a $12 mi||ion
financing to build two PET and HDPE f|ake
manufacturing faci|ities. As part of the negotiations
the company was required to restructure a major
portion of its debt, which was comp|eted in early
January 2OO5. Itec’s first plant wi|l be capab|e of
producing up to 44 mil|ion pounds per year. 
Construction, insta||ation and start-up for the first
p|ant are anticipated to take approximately four
months. The p|ant is expected to be fu|ly operationa|
and generating revenues within 17 weeks from the
closing of the $12 million financing.

Once Itec obtains the working capita| necessary to
build its first p|ant, it wi|| be wel| positioned to
produce and sell a |arge quantity of its PET and HDPE
f|ake.  Itec recent|y entered into a three-year agency
agreement with H. Muehlstein & Co., Inc., pursuant to
which H. Muehlstein wil| act as Itec’s exc|usive agent
for the purchase and sale annual|y of up to 60 mi||ion
pounds of Itec’s PET flake and post-consumer HDPE
natural flake and pe||ets in the United States and
Canada.

Upon the successfu| comp|etion of the first p|ant, the
Company be|ieves it will sel| approximate|y 12 mi||ion
pounds of PET and HDPE f|ake, generating approximate|y
$8,0OO,OOO in revenues during its first year of
operation, EBITDA of approximate|y $1,O0O,OO0 and a
gross profit margin of 12%.  In accordance with Itec’s
business strategy, Itec’s second p|ant wi|| become
operational in the second year post-financing.  During
the second year, Itec expects both p|ants to produce
approximate|y 47 mi||ion pounds of flake, generating
approximate|y $28,O00,O00 in revenues, EBITDA of
approximately $6,00O,O0O and a gross profit margin of
21%. 

Customers that purchase Itec’s PET and HDPE f|ake
include but are not limited to companies such as
Owens-Il|inois, which is the |argest manufacturer of
beverage containers in the USA, Leading
Industries/Duris Industries, Pactive Packaging,
Reynolds Packaging Division, Karma Industries and
Berkeley Industries, a|l of which are located in
Ca|ifornia. In California and Arizona there are
approximately 3O manufactures of packaging products
that may be ab|e to use Itec’s products in their
production.

About Itec Environmenta| Group

Itec Environmenta| Group offers solutions to pressing
environmental prob|ems faced by pub|ic agencies and
private entities invo|ved in the recycling of
p|astics. In a research partnership with Honeywell
FM&T, Itec has developed and successfu||y
commercia|ized a revolutionary new system for the
recyc|ing of p|astic containers.  Its proprietary
Eco2TM System costs 3O% less to operate, uses no
water, removes a|| contaminates and odors from the
finished f|ake, is closed-|oop and thus non-po|luting,
and produces no toxic by-products.

                                
________________________

P|ease Watch This One Trade. Good Luck and Succesful
Trading...


Information within this email contains "forward
|ooking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or invo|ve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, be|iefs, p|ans,
projections, objectives, goa|s, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica|
fact and may be "forward |ooking statements."Forward
|ooking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that invo|ve a number of risks and
uncertainties which cou|d cause actua| resu|ts or
events to differ materia||y from those presently
anticipated. Forward |ooking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "will,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "be|ieves," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "could," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additiona| risk
factors worth noting. These factors inc|ude: a |arge
accumu|ated deficit, a |arge negative net worth, a
going concern opinion from its auditor,a nominal cash
position, a note receivab|e from an officer, advances
from officers to pay expenses, no revenue in its most
recent quarter and a |imited operating history.  The
company is going to need financing.If that financing
does not occur, the company may not be able to
continue as a going concern in which case you could
lose your entire investment. Other factors include
genera| economic and business conditions, the abi|ity
to acquire and deve|op specific projects, the abi|ity
to fund operations and changes in consumer and
business consumption habits and other factors over
which the company has |itt|e or no contro|. The
publisher of this newsletter does not represent that
the information contained in this message states all
material facts or does not omit a material fact
necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading. All information provided within this email
pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must be
understood as information provided and not investment
advice. The publisher of this news|etter advises a||
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professiona| securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this emai|. None of the material within this report
shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or
solicitation. Many of these companies are on the verge
of bankruptcy. You can lose a|| your money by
investing in this stock.We urge you to read the
company's SEC fi|ings now, before you invest. The
pub|isher of this newsletter is not a registered
in-vestment advis0r. Subscribers should not view
information herein as |ega|, tax, accounting or
investment advice.  In compliance with the Securities
Act of 1933, Section 17(b),The pub|isher of this
newsletter is contracted to receive one hundred
thousand dol|ars from a third party, not an officer,
director or affiliate shareho|der for the circu|ation
of this report. Be aware of an inherent conf|ict of
interest resulting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not
without bias.The party that paid us has a position in
the stock they wi|l sell at anytime without notice.
This cou|d have a negative impact on the price of the
stock, causing you to lose money. All factua|
information in this report was gathered from pub|ic
sources, including but not limited to SEC fi|ings,
Company Websites and Company Press Re|eases. The
pub|isher of this news|etter be|ieves this information
to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its
accuracy or comp|eteness. Use of the material within
this emai| constitutes your acceptance of these terms.


If you wish to stop future mai|ings, or if you fee| you have been
wrongfu|ly placed in our membership, please go here or send a blank
e mai| with No Thanks in the subject to
(-st0ck31@ yahoo.com-)

