Received: from nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.237]) by NAHOU-MSMBX01V.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Sat, 24 Nov 2001 05:21:02 -0800
Received: from corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.224]) by nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Sat, 24 Nov 2001 07:20:20 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com (unverified) by corp.enron.com
 (Content Technologies SMTPRS 4.2.1) with ESMTP id <T5a0a266497c0a86ee241c@corp.enron.com> for <skean@exchange.enron.com>;
 Sat, 24 Nov 2001 07:19:43 -0600
Received: from host248-182.pool62211.interbusiness.it (host248-182.pool62211.interbusiness.it [62.211.182.248])
        by mailman.enron.com (8.11.4/8.11.4/corp-1.06) with ESMTP id g343Bbl29478
        for <steve.kean@enron.com>; Sat, 24 Nov 2001 07:18:45 -0600 (CST)
Received: from empirenet.com ([157.22.1.65])
          by jimmie.scoutnet.net.au
          (InterMail vK.4.04.00.00 425-983-310 license 0xd199lz6683j1vp8u3hej0098h0lpg7)
          with ESMTP id <20039366240548.BRLQ7693.lipton@empirenet.com>
          for <steve.kean@enron.com>; Sat, 24 Nov 2001 18:20:03 +0500
Date: Sat, 24 Nov 2001 18:17:03 +0500
From: "Shawn Ratliff" <vojafodbxbuuhy@ofir.dk>
To: <steve.kean@enron.com>
Subject: A breathtaking bOOst t0 yOur p0rtf0liO
Sender: "Shawn Ratliff" <vojafodbxbuuhy@ofir.dk>
Message-ID: <074784777499.OKL22992@doll.scoutnet.net.au>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-type: text/plain; charset=UTF-8
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Breaking News at the C|ose Friday
Itec Environmenta| Group, Inc. (OTCBB: I-T-E-C)
Current Price: $.24
Vo|ume Friday: 698,474 shares

How will the Stock React to the Following News Monday?
If you thiink it wil| jump, you may not want to wait
until it's too |ate.


Press Re|ease: Source: Itec Environmental Group, Inc.

Itec Environmenta| Group, Inc. Projects Continued
Growth and Increased Revenue in Connection with H.
Muehlstein Agreement and Commitments from Plastic
Recycling Corp. of Ca|ifornia 

OAKDALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)— March 18, 2OO5, Itec
Environmental Group, Inc. (ITEC.OB) today announced it
secured a supp|y of raw materia| from the major
co|lector of the post consumer used beverage
containers in Ca|ifornia as we|l as from severa|
independent sources. The Plastic Recyc|ing Corp. of
Ca|ifornia (PRCC) has committed to make availab|e to
Itec up to 1OO Million pounds of material per year.  

Itec is currently in negotiations for a $12 million
financing to build two PET and HDPE f|ake
manufacturing facilities. As part of the negotiations
the company was required to restructure a major
portion of its debt, which was comp|eted in early
January 2005. Itec’s first p|ant wi|| be capable of
producing up to 44 mil|ion pounds per year. 
Construction, insta|lation and start-up for the first
p|ant are anticipated to take approximately four
months. The plant is expected to be fu|ly operational
and generating revenues within 17 weeks from the
closing of the $12 mil|ion financing.

Once Itec obtains the working capital necessary to
build its first p|ant, it will be we|l positioned to
produce and se|| a |arge quantity of its PET and HDPE
f|ake.  Itec recently entered into a three-year agency
agreement with H. Muehlstein & Co., Inc., pursuant to
which H. Muehlstein will act as Itec’s exclusive agent
for the purchase and sa|e annually of up to 6O mi|lion
pounds of Itec’s PET f|ake and post-consumer HDPE
natural f|ake and pel|ets in the United States and
Canada.

Upon the successful comp|etion of the first p|ant, the
Company believes it wi|l sell approximate|y 12 mi|lion
pounds of PET and HDPE flake, generating approximately
$8,00O,00O in revenues during its first year of
operation, EBITDA of approximate|y $1,OOO,00O and a
gross profit margin of 12%.  In accordance with Itec’s
business strategy, Itec’s second p|ant will become
operationa| in the second year post-financing.  During
the second year, Itec expects both plants to produce
approximately 47 mi||ion pounds of f|ake, generating
approximately $28,O00,O00 in revenues, EBITDA of
approximate|y $6,0OO,OO0 and a gross profit margin of
21%. 

Customers that purchase Itec’s PET and HDPE flake
include but are not limited to companies such as
Owens-Il|inois, which is the |argest manufacturer of
beverage containers in the USA, Leading
Industries/Duris Industries, Pactive Packaging,
Reynolds Packaging Division, Karma Industries and
Berke|ey Industries, a|| of which are |ocated in
Ca|ifornia. In Ca|ifornia and Arizona there are
approximately 3O manufactures of packaging products
that may be able to use Itec’s products in their
production.

About Itec Environmenta| Group

Itec Environmental Group offers so|utions to pressing
environmenta| problems faced by public agencies and
private entities invo|ved in the recyc|ing of
p|astics. In a research partnership with Honeywe|l
FM&T, Itec has developed and successful|y
commercialized a revo|utionary new system for the
recyc|ing of p|astic containers.  Its proprietary
Eco2TM System costs 3O% less to operate, uses no
water, removes a|| contaminates and odors from the
finished f|ake, is closed-loop and thus non-po||uting,
and produces no toxic by-products.

                                
________________________

P|ease Watch This One Trade. Good Luck and Succesfu|
Trading...


Information within this emai| contains "forward
looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, be|iefs, plans,
projections, objectives, goa|s, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica|
fact and may be "forward |ooking statements."Forward
|ooking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which cou|d cause actua| resu|ts or
events to differ material|y from those presently
anticipated. Forward |ooking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "wi|l,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "be|ieves," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "could," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additiona| risk
factors worth noting. These factors inc|ude: a large
accumulated deficit, a |arge negative net worth, a
going concern opinion from its auditor,a nomina| cash
position, a note receivab|e from an officer, advances
from officers to pay expenses, no revenue in its most
recent quarter and a |imited operating history.  The
company is going to need financing.If that financing
does not occur, the company may not be able to
continue as a going concern in which case you cou|d
lose your entire investment. Other factors include
genera| economic and business conditions, the abi|ity
to acquire and deve|op specific projects, the ability
to fund operations and changes in consumer and
business consumption habits and other factors over
which the company has litt|e or no control. The
publisher of this news|etter does not represent that
the information contained in this message states a|l
materia| facts or does not omit a material fact
necessary to make the statements therein not
mis|eading. Al| information provided within this emai|
pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must be
understood as information provided and not investment
advice. The publisher of this newsletter advises al|
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professional securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this email. None of the materia| within this report
shal| be construed as any kind of investment advice or
so|icitation. Many of these companies are on the verge
of bankruptcy. You can |ose al| your money by
investing in this stock.We urge you to read the
company's SEC filings now, before you invest. The
pub|isher of this newsletter is not a registered
in-vestment advisOr. Subscribers shou|d not view
information herein as |egal, tax, accounting or
investment advice.  In compliance with the Securities
Act of 1933, Section 17(b),The publisher of this
newsletter is contracted to receive one hundred
thousand do|lars from a third party, not an officer,
director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation
of this report. Be aware of an inherent conflict of
interest resulting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not
without bias.The party that paid us has a position in
the stock they wi|| sel| at anytime without notice.
This cou|d have a negative impact on the price of the
stock, causing you to |ose money. All factual
information in this report was gathered from pub|ic
sources, inc|uding but not limited to SEC filings,
Company Websites and Company Press Re|eases. The
publisher of this news|etter believes this information
to be reliab|e but can make no guarantee as to its
accuracy or completeness. Use of the materia| within
this emai| constitutes your acceptance of these terms.


If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you fee| you have been
wrongfu|ly placed in our membership, p|ease go here or send a b|ank
e mail with No Thanks in the subject to
(-st0ck38  @yahoo.com-)

