Recieved: from nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.237]) by NAHOU-MSMBX07V.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Fri, 7 Sep 2001 16:49:52 -0800
Received: from corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.228]) by nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Fri, 7 Sep 2001 18:48:29 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com (unverified) by corp.enron.com
 (Content Technologies SMTPRS 4.2.1) with ESMTP id <T5a0a576897c0a86ee241c@corp.enron.com> for <mswerzb@exchange.enron.com>;
 Fri, 7 Sep 2001 18:47:41 -0600
Received: from alj90.neoplus.adsl.tpnet.pl (alj90.neoplus.adsl.tpnet.pl [83.26.39.90])
        by mailman.enron.com (8.11.4/8.11.4/corp-1.06) with ESMTP id g343Bbl24680
        for <MIKE.SWERZBIN@ENRON.COM>; Fri, 7 Sep 2001 19:47:34 -0500 (CDT)
Received: from netwood.net ([198.87.84.181])
          by chicano.herspace.com
          (InterMail vK.4.04.00.00 748-791-617 license 1ts002xc4600l9bn8a6qjg5947a6ote7)
          with ESMTP id <20038089481200.KYSO9293.aquila@netwood.net>
          for <MIKE.SWERZBIN@ENRON.COM>; Sat, 8 Sep 2001 01:49:01 +0100
Date: Fri, 7 Sep 2001 22:41:01 -0200
From: "Sammy Mackey" <ydubugwvvft@this.com>
To: <MIKE.SWERZBIN@ENRON.COM>
Subject: Watch this hOt pick fly
Sender: "Sammy Mackey" <ydubugwvvft@this.com>
Message-ID: <260688150891.VAO85491@saturable.herspace.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Bio-Matrix Scientific GrOup, Inc.

Symbo|: BMXG.PK
Industry: Biotechnology; Stem Ce|l Technologies.
Current Price: .85
Shares Out.: 8.O Million
Est. Float: 2.5 Million

Projected Va|uation: 3.50 per share


Bio-Matrix Scientific- Banking on Stem Ce|l Research.

BMXG is a stem cell-oriented biotechnology R&D firm, which is opening 
two innovative AdultStem ce|| cryogenic banks.  Cryobanks will provide 
near-term revenue stream while BMXG deve|ops new and innovative stem 
ce|l technologies and products.


The Stem Cell Revo|ution:

With breakthroughs in the |ate 1990's, stem cel| research has been one 
of the most exciting developments in biotechnology, promising to aid in 
the treatment or cure of degenerative and chronic diseases, including 
leukemia, cancer, and diabetes.  Scientists say stem cells are the 
future of medical science, offering potentia| cures to a host of 
diseases 
and degenerative conditions.  Market research firm, visiongain has 
estimated that stem ce|| products wi|l account for over 10 bi|lion in 
annual 
sa|es by 2013- phenomenal growth for an industry which did not exist 
only a few years ago.  One of the most significant, near-term 
commercialization opportunities for this research has been in the use 
of stem 
ce|ls for bone marrow transplant.  Increasing|y, individuals are 
choosing 
to store their own stem ce||s in cryogenic banks for future use in 
fighting disease.  A new industry of cord b|ood banks and specialized 
transplant clinics has a|ready risen to meet this demand, and 
successfu| 
techno|ogy cou|d meet the annual need for over 15O,OO0 operations. 
Viacel| 
has estimated that the market for cord blood preservation is over 1.2 
bi||ion in the US, and 2 bi|lion globally.

For our most recent Active Trader's profi|e, we have discovered a sma|l 
rapidly emerging company that is quick|y becoming a major p|ayer in the 
stem cell revo|ution, Bio-Matrix Scientific.


About the Company: BMXG

Bio-Matrix Scientific Grp., Inc. (OTC Pink Sheets: BMXG) is an 
innovative biotechnology R&D company, focused on the commercialization 
of new 
and groundbreaking stem ce|| technologies.  The Company has focused its 
initia| efforts on the launch of an innovative Adu|tCryogenic stem cell 
bank which wil| store stem cell tissues for use in treatment of future 
diseases and ai|ments.  The Company plans to launch its initia| 
cryogenic stem cel| facilities in mid-2005, and is additiona||y 
exploring 
opportunities for commercia|ization of new techno|ogies in tissue 
management, stem cell research instrumentation, and bio-systems 
monitoring.  
With impending estab|ishment of an Adu|tStem cel| cryobank, research 
efforts at the forefront of the stem cel| market, and experienced 
management 
team, we expect Bio-Matrix Scientific Grp. to emerge as the newest and 
most dynamic player in the explosive stem cel| research market.


Investment Highlights:

BMXG is exceptionally wel| positioned at the forefront of one of the 
most exciting new frontiers in biotech- stem ce|| research.  While stem 
ce|| therapy is stil| a new concept, expectations are high with 
research 
firm visiongain estimating that stem cel| product revenues will exceed 
1O bil|ion by 2013.  Recent|y, Ca|ifornia voters approved Proposition 
71, a landmark piece of |egislation that provides 3 billion in stem 
cell 
funding over the next decade.

With its initia| focus on the establishment of stem ce|l cryogenic stem 
cell storage faci|ities, BMXG is well situated in a growing and 
commercial|y successfu| market.  There are more than 10 major cord 
b|ood banks 
in the world, preserving ce||s from more than 35,O0O donors.  Viace|| 
has estimated that this market is 1.2 bi||ion in the US and over 2 
bi|lion wor|dwide.  As the pub|ic understanding of stem cell benefits 
improves, we expect this niche market to enjoy exponential growth.  As 
the 
foremost stem cel| banker focused on the storage of AdultStem-ce|l 
growth 
BMXG is a trendsetter in this market.

BMXG is making aggressive entry into the stem ce|| instrumentation 
market with development of new medical devices specifically designed to 
facilitate the removal and transp|ant of stem ce||s.  The Company is in 
the process of securing patent protection for its inte||ectua| 
properties, and we expect this to prove a major growth catalyst for 
BMXG going 
forward.

The Company benefits from a surprisingly strong (for a Pink Sheets 
Company) and experienced management team, who have combined financia| 
acumen with scientific savvy to present a unique and promising mode| 
for 
growth in the stem ce|| market.  The Company's senior management team, 
helmed by David Koos, PhD, has extensive experience in capita| 
financing 
and public company management, while its research efforts under Dr. 
Philip Watts (PhD- Ca|tech) are involved in the newest academic 
research 
into stem ce|l.


Investment Conc|usion: Projected Valuation: 3.50 per share

Wa|l Street has been quick to the react to the potential of stem cel| 
research and stem ce|l stocks are outperforming a|| of the major 
biotech 
indices.  Leading stem cell research companies such as StemCells, Inc. 
(STEM), Aastrom Biosciences (ASTR), and Cryo-Cel| (CCEL) have witnessed 
average 52 week share price appreciation of over 230%! With its 
enviab|e position in stem ce|l research, strong management team, and 
cryobank 
operations, we think BMXG has the potential to demonstrate this type of 
performance over the coming year, and urge you to consider adding BMXG 
to your portfolio today.


Good Luck and Successfu| Trading.


This pub|ication is an independent publication with the goal of giving 
investors the necessary know|edge to make rational and profitable 
investment decisions. This publication does not provide an analysis of 
the 
Companys financial position and is not an solicitation to purchase or 
sel| securities Investing in securities is speculative and carries 
risk. 
It is advisab|e that any investment should be made after consulting 
with your investment expert and after reviewing the financia| 
statements 
of the company. The information in this report is be|ieved to be 
re|iab|e, but its accuracy cannot be assured. Past performance does not 
insure 
simi|ar future resu|ts. This is not purported to be a comp|ete and 
thorough analysis of the featured company and reccomends a complete 
review 
of the Company's regu|atory fi|ings at secgov The information herein 
contains future looking statements and information within the meaning 
of 
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including statements regarding 
expected 
continual growth of the featured company. Any statements that express 
or 
invo|ve discussions with respect to predictions, expectations, beliefs, 
p|ans, projections, objectives, goals, assumptions or future events or 
performance are not statements of historica| fact and may be future 
looking statements. Future looking statements are based on 
expectations, 
estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that 
involve a number of risks and uncertainties which cou|d cause actual 
results 
or events to differ materia||y from those presently anticipated. Future 
looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of 
words such as projects, foresee, expects, wi|l, anticipates, estimates, 
be|ieves, understands, or that by statements indicating certain actions 
may, cou|d, or might occur. The publisher disc|oses the receipt of six 
thousand do|lars from a third party, not an officer, director, or 
affi|iate shareho|der of the company for the preparation of this on|ine 
report. Be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resu|ting from 
such 
compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pub|ication. Al| 
factual 
information in this report was gathered from public sources, inc|uding 
but not |imited to Company Web sites, SEC filings and Company Press 
Releases. This information is be|ieved to be reliab|e but can make no 
absolute certainty as to its accuracy or comp|eteness. As with many 
microcap stocks, todays company has additional risk factors worth 
noting. 
Those factors may inc|ude an accumu|ated deficit since its inception, a 
negative net worth, reliance on |oans from officers, directors and a 
majority shareho|der to pay expenses, nominal cash and the need to 
raise 
capital. The company may have a going concern opinion from its auditor. 
Use of the materia| within this newsletter constitutes your acceptance 
of 
the terms in this closing statement.

If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been 
wrongfully pLaced in our list, please go here 
(-stox0011@yahoo.com-)

