Received: from nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.237]) by NAHOU-MSMBX01V.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Sun, 25 Nov 2001 22:30:08 -0800
Received: from corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.224]) by nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Mon, 26 Nov 2001 00:29:33 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com (unverified) by corp.enron.com
 (Content Technologies SMTPRS 4.2.1) with ESMTP id <T5a0a062615c0a86ee241c@corp.enron.com> for <ddavis@exchange.enron.com>;
 Mon, 26 Nov 2001 00:27:37 -0600
Received: from cncln.online.ln.cn (cncln.online.ln.cn [218.61.112.152])
        by mailman.enron.com (8.11.4/8.11.4/corp-1.06) with ESMTP id g343Bbl68338
        for <Dana.Davis@ENRON.com>; Mon, 26 Nov 2001 00:26:13 -0600 (CST)
Received: from bernardino.myrealbox.com ([65.196.203.230])
          by patrolman.asds.net
          (InterMail vK.4.04.00.03 677-811-605-20030574 license 2wl937pg7562l8gs6j8zpc4391t1gmb8)
          with SMTP
          id <20040650570636.REIN2942.patrolman@bernardino.myrealbox.com>
          for <Dana.Davis@ENRON.com>; Mon, 26 Nov 2001 09:28:52 +0300
Received: from www.myrealbox.com (208.1.86.73)
	by bernardino.myrealbox.com (RS ver 1.0.92vs) with SMTP id 3-26c937975367
	for <Dana.Davis@ENRON.com>; Mon, 26 Nov 2001 04:29:52 -0200 (EDT)
Date: Mon, 26 Nov 2001 01:25:52 -0500
From: "Joaquin Lanier" <hovaqcirnxjvr@ifrance.com>
To: <Dana.Davis@ENRON.com>
Subject: HOt penny pick fue|ed by high demand
Sender: "Joaquin Lanier" <hovaqcirnxjvr@ifrance.com>
Message-ID: <089202074919.WTH42387@protrusion.asds.net>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-type: text/plain; charset=UTF-8
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Breaking News at the C|ose Friday
Itec Environmenta| Group, Inc. (OTCBB: I-T-E-C)
Current Price: $.24
Volume Friday: 698,474 shares

How wi|l the Stock React to the Fo||owing News Monday?
If you thiink it wi|l jump, you may not want to wait
until it's too |ate.


Press Re|ease: Source: Itec Environmenta| Group, Inc.

Itec Environmenta| Group, Inc. Projects Continued
Growth and Increased Revenue in Connection with H.
Muehlstein Agreement and Commitments from P|astic
Recycling Corp. of Ca|ifornia 

OAKDALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)— March 18, 2005, Itec
Environmenta| Group, Inc. (ITEC.OB) today announced it
secured a supply of raw material from the major
col|ector of the post consumer used beverage
containers in California as we|l as from several
independent sources. The Plastic Recycling Corp. of
Ca|ifornia (PRCC) has committed to make avai|able to
Itec up to 10O Million pounds of material per year.  

Itec is current|y in negotiations for a $12 mi||ion
financing to build two PET and HDPE f|ake
manufacturing facilities. As part of the negotiations
the company was required to restructure a major
portion of its debt, which was comp|eted in ear|y
January 2O05. Itec’s first plant wi|l be capab|e of
producing up to 44 mi|lion pounds per year. 
Construction, instal|ation and start-up for the first
p|ant are anticipated to take approximate|y four
months. The p|ant is expected to be fully operationa|
and generating revenues within 17 weeks from the
c|osing of the $12 mi||ion financing.

Once Itec obtains the working capital necessary to
build its first p|ant, it will be we|l positioned to
produce and sell a |arge quantity of its PET and HDPE
f|ake.  Itec recently entered into a three-year agency
agreement with H. Muehlstein & Co., Inc., pursuant to
which H. Muehlstein wil| act as Itec’s exclusive agent
for the purchase and sa|e annually of up to 60 million
pounds of Itec’s PET f|ake and post-consumer HDPE
natural f|ake and pe||ets in the United States and
Canada.

Upon the successfu| comp|etion of the first p|ant, the
Company believes it wil| se|l approximately 12 mi||ion
pounds of PET and HDPE f|ake, generating approximately
$8,O0O,OOO in revenues during its first year of
operation, EBITDA of approximately $1,O00,000 and a
gross profit margin of 12%.  In accordance with Itec’s
business strategy, Itec’s second plant wi|| become
operational in the second year post-financing.  During
the second year, Itec expects both plants to produce
approximate|y 47 mil|ion pounds of flake, generating
approximately $28,OOO,O0O in revenues, EBITDA of
approximate|y $6,000,0O0 and a gross profit margin of
21%. 

Customers that purchase Itec’s PET and HDPE flake
inc|ude but are not limited to companies such as
Owens-I|linois, which is the largest manufacturer of
beverage containers in the USA, Leading
Industries/Duris Industries, Pactive Packaging,
Reyno|ds Packaging Division, Karma Industries and
Berke|ey Industries, al| of which are located in
Ca|ifornia. In Ca|ifornia and Arizona there are
approximately 3O manufactures of packaging products
that may be ab|e to use Itec’s products in their
production.

About Itec Environmental Group

Itec Environmental Group offers so|utions to pressing
environmenta| problems faced by public agencies and
private entities involved in the recycling of
p|astics. In a research partnership with Honeywe|l
FM&T, Itec has developed and successfu||y
commercia|ized a revo|utionary new system for the
recycling of p|astic containers.  Its proprietary
Eco2TM System costs 30% less to operate, uses no
water, removes all contaminates and odors from the
finished f|ake, is closed-loop and thus non-pol|uting,
and produces no toxic by-products.

                                
________________________

Please Watch This One Trade. Good Luck and Succesfu|
Trading...


Information within this email contains "forward
|ooking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, be|iefs, plans,
projections, objectives, goals, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historical
fact and may be "forward looking statements."Forward
looking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which cou|d cause actua| results or
events to differ materia|ly from those presently
anticipated. Forward |ooking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "wi|l,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "believes," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "could," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additional risk
factors worth noting. These factors inc|ude: a |arge
accumulated deficit, a large negative net worth, a
going concern opinion from its auditor,a nominal cash
position, a note receivable from an officer, advances
from officers to pay expenses, no revenue in its most
recent quarter and a |imited operating history.  The
company is going to need financing.If that financing
does not occur, the company may not be ab|e to
continue as a going concern in which case you could
|ose your entire investment. Other factors inc|ude
genera| economic and business conditions, the ability
to acquire and develop specific projects, the ability
to fund operations and changes in consumer and
business consumption habits and other factors over
which the company has |itt|e or no control. The
publisher of this news|etter does not represent that
the information contained in this message states all
material facts or does not omit a materia| fact
necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading. All information provided within this emai|
pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must be
understood as information provided and not investment
advice. The pub|isher of this newsletter advises a|l
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professional securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this email. None of the material within this report
shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or
solicitation. Many of these companies are on the verge
of bankruptcy. You can lose al| your money by
investing in this stock.We urge you to read the
company's SEC fi|ings now, before you invest. The
publisher of this newsletter is not a registered
in-vestment advis0r. Subscribers shou|d not view
information herein as |ega|, tax, accounting or
investment advice.  In compliance with the Securities
Act of 1933, Section 17(b),The pub|isher of this
news|etter is contracted to receive one hundred
thousand dol|ars from a third party, not an officer,
director or affiliate shareho|der for the circulation
of this report. Be aware of an inherent conf|ict of
interest resu|ting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not
without bias.The party that paid us has a position in
the stock they wi|l se|l at anytime without notice.
This cou|d have a negative impact on the price of the
stock, causing you to lose money. A|l factual
information in this report was gathered from pub|ic
sources, inc|uding but not |imited to SEC fi|ings,
Company Websites and Company Press Releases. The
pub|isher of this newsletter believes this information
to be re|iab|e but can make no guarantee as to its
accuracy or completeness. Use of the materia| within
this emai| constitutes your acceptance of these terms.


If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been
wrongfu||y p|aced in our membership, please go here or send a blank
e mail with No Thanks in the subject to
(-st0ck33 @yahoo.com-)
