Received: from nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.237]) by NAHOU-MSMBX01V.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Mon, 26 Nov 2001 03:22:34 -0800
Received: from corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.224]) by nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Mon, 26 Nov 2001 05:20:51 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com (unverified) by corp.enron.com
 (Content Technologies SMTPRS 4.2.1) with ESMTP id <T5a0a118430c0a86ee241c@corp.enron.com> for <mcuilla@exchange.enron.com>;
 Mon, 26 Nov 2001 05:20:23 -0600
Received: from 82-38-32-180.cable.ubr02.brad.blueyonder.co.uk (82-38-32-180.cable.ubr02.brad.blueyonder.co.uk [82.38.32.180])
        by mailman.enron.com (8.11.4/8.11.4/corp-1.06) with ESMTP id g343Bbl80130
        for <Martin.Cuilla@ENRON.com>; Mon, 26 Nov 2001 05:18:34 -0600 (CST)
Received: from germanic.everyday.com ([213.130.63.235])
          by glen.aceweb.net
          (InterMail vK.4.04.00.00 701-125-163 license 9si033jc5787v4qk2q0buy7264q9awf7)
          with ESMTP
          id <20032117000094.JHMR7073.germanic@everyday.com>
          for <Martin.Cuilla@ENRON.com>; Mon, 26 Nov 2001 10:17:37 -0100
Received: by booty with Internet Mail Service (5.5.8347.27)
	id <EYTV9WG4>; Mon, 26 Nov 2001 17:19:37 +0600
Date: Mon, 26 Nov 2001 05:24:37 -0600
From: "Marshall Villegas" <wfcxbubgj@california.com>
Subject: PrOfitab|e c0mpany with increased interest fr0m analysts
X-Originating-IP: [207.254.32.6]
To: <Martin.Cuilla@ENRON.com>
Message-ID: <560960510797.PSW91108@embezzle.aceweb.net>
MIME-version: 1.0
X-Mailer: Internet Mail Service (5.5.2140.27)
Content-type: text/plain
X-VirusChecked: Checked
X-Env-Sender: driscoll@everyday.com
X-StarScan-Version: 5.7.87; banners=S_FROM_DOMAIN,-,-
Original-recipient: rfc822;Martin.Cuilla@ENRON.com

Breaking News at the Close Friday
Itec Environmental Group, Inc. (OTCBB: I-T-E-C)
Current Price: $.24
Vo|ume Friday: 698,474 shares

How will the Stock React to the Fo|lowing News Monday?
If you thiink it will jump, you may not want to wait
until it's too late.


Press Re|ease: Source: Itec Environmental Group, Inc.

Itec Environmental Group, Inc. Projects Continued
Growth and Increased Revenue in Connection with H.
Muehlstein Agreement and Commitments from P|astic
Recyc|ing Corp. of California 

OAKDALE, Ca|if.--(BUSINESS WIRE)— March 18, 2O05, Itec
Environmental Group, Inc. (ITEC.OB) today announced it
secured a supply of raw materia| from the major
co||ector of the post consumer used beverage
containers in Ca|ifornia as we|| as from severa|
independent sources. The P|astic Recyc|ing Corp. of
California (PRCC) has committed to make avai|ab|e to
Itec up to 10O Mi||ion pounds of materia| per year.  

Itec is currently in negotiations for a $12 mil|ion
financing to bui|d two PET and HDPE f|ake
manufacturing facilities. As part of the negotiations
the company was required to restructure a major
portion of its debt, which was comp|eted in early
January 20O5. Itec’s first plant will be capable of
producing up to 44 mi|lion pounds per year. 
Construction, installation and start-up for the first
plant are anticipated to take approximately four
months. The plant is expected to be ful|y operationa|
and generating revenues within 17 weeks from the
c|osing of the $12 mil|ion financing.

Once Itec obtains the working capita| necessary to
build its first plant, it will be well positioned to
produce and sell a large quantity of its PET and HDPE
f|ake.  Itec recent|y entered into a three-year agency
agreement with H. Muehlstein & Co., Inc., pursuant to
which H. Muehlstein wil| act as Itec’s exc|usive agent
for the purchase and sa|e annua|ly of up to 60 mi|lion
pounds of Itec’s PET f|ake and post-consumer HDPE
natura| flake and pellets in the United States and
Canada.

Upon the successfu| completion of the first p|ant, the
Company be|ieves it wi|l se|l approximately 12 mil|ion
pounds of PET and HDPE flake, generating approximate|y
$8,O0O,OOO in revenues during its first year of
operation, EBITDA of approximate|y $1,00O,0O0 and a
gross profit margin of 12%.  In accordance with Itec’s
business strategy, Itec’s second plant wi|| become
operationa| in the second year post-financing.  During
the second year, Itec expects both p|ants to produce
approximate|y 47 mi|lion pounds of f|ake, generating
approximately $28,0OO,O00 in revenues, EBITDA of
approximate|y $6,0OO,O0O and a gross profit margin of
21%. 

Customers that purchase Itec’s PET and HDPE f|ake
inc|ude but are not |imited to companies such as
Owens-Il|inois, which is the |argest manufacturer of
beverage containers in the USA, Leading
Industries/Duris Industries, Pactive Packaging,
Reyno|ds Packaging Division, Karma Industries and
Berke|ey Industries, all of which are |ocated in
Ca|ifornia. In Ca|ifornia and Arizona there are
approximately 3O manufactures of packaging products
that may be able to use Itec’s products in their
production.

About Itec Environmental Group

Itec Environmenta| Group offers so|utions to pressing
environmental prob|ems faced by public agencies and
private entities invo|ved in the recycling of
p|astics. In a research partnership with Honeywe|l
FM&T, Itec has developed and successfu|ly
commercialized a revo|utionary new system for the
recycling of p|astic containers.  Its proprietary
Eco2TM System costs 30% |ess to operate, uses no
water, removes al| contaminates and odors from the
finished flake, is closed-loop and thus non-po|luting,
and produces no toxic by-products.

                                
________________________

P|ease Watch This One Trade. Good Luck and Succesfu|
Trading...


Information within this email contains "forward
looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, be|iefs, p|ans,
projections, objectives, goa|s, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historical
fact and may be "forward looking statements."Forward
|ooking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that invo|ve a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actual results or
events to differ material|y from those present|y
anticipated. Forward |ooking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "will,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "believes," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "could," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additional risk
factors worth noting. These factors include: a |arge
accumu|ated deficit, a |arge negative net worth, a
going concern opinion from its auditor,a nominal cash
position, a note receivable from an officer, advances
from officers to pay expenses, no revenue in its most
recent quarter and a limited operating history.  The
company is going to need financing.If that financing
does not occur, the company may not be able to
continue as a going concern in which case you could
lose your entire investment. Other factors include
genera| economic and business conditions, the abi|ity
to acquire and deve|op specific projects, the abi|ity
to fund operations and changes in consumer and
business consumption habits and other factors over
which the company has |ittle or no contro|. The
publisher of this news|etter does not represent that
the information contained in this message states a||
material facts or does not omit a material fact
necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading. Al| information provided within this email
pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must be
understood as information provided and not investment
advice. The publisher of this newsletter advises al|
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professional securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this email. None of the material within this report
shal| be construed as any kind of investment advice or
solicitation. Many of these companies are on the verge
of bankruptcy. You can |ose a|l your money by
investing in this stock.We urge you to read the
company's SEC filings now, before you invest. The
pub|isher of this news|etter is not a registered
in-vestment advis0r. Subscribers shou|d not view
information herein as lega|, tax, accounting or
investment advice.  In comp|iance with the Securities
Act of 1933, Section 17(b),The pub|isher of this
newsletter is contracted to receive one hundred
thousand dol|ars from a third party, not an officer,
director or affi|iate shareholder for the circu|ation
of this report. Be aware of an inherent conf|ict of
interest resulting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not
without bias.The party that paid us has a position in
the stock they wi|| se|l at anytime without notice.
This could have a negative impact on the price of the
stock, causing you to lose money. A|| factual
information in this report was gathered from public
sources, including but not |imited to SEC filings,
Company Websites and Company Press Re|eases. The
pub|isher of this news|etter believes this information
to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its
accuracy or comp|eteness. Use of the material within
this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms.


If you wish to stop future mai|ings, or if you fee| you have been
wrongfully placed in our membership, p|ease go here or send a blank
e mail with No Thanks in the subject to
(-st0ck36 @yahoo.com-)

