Recieved: from nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.237]) by NAHOU-MSMBX07V.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Sun, 2 Sep 2001 04:35:26 -0800
Received: from corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.224]) by nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Sun, 2 Sep 2001 06:34:24 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com (unverified) by corp.enron.com
 (Content Technologies SMTPRS 4.2.1) with ESMTP id <T5a0a641797c0a86ee241c@corp.enron.com> for <mcuilla@exchange.enron.com>;
 Sun, 2 Sep 2001 06:33:35 -0600
Received: from FTP-SERVER ([211.22.78.158])
        by mailman.enron.com (8.11.4/8.11.4/corp-1.06) with ESMTP id g343Bbl11201
        for <Martin.Cuilla@enron.com>; Sun, 2 Sep 2001 07:32:03 -0500 (CDT)
Received: from richmondhill.com ([193.144.75.9])
          by hippodrome.sy163.net
          (InterMail vK.4.04.00.00 931-730-305 license 1fw267nn5437a1kq4h5eik1599l7auc2)
          with ESMTP id <20035701072193.CBEW4982.outrageous@richmondhill.com>
          for <Martin.Cuilla@enron.com>; Sun, 2 Sep 2001 07:36:54 -0500
Date: Sun, 2 Sep 2001 18:29:54 +0600
From: "Bettie Ragland" <kqwkswztvrpeou@english.co.jp>
To: <Martin.Cuilla@enron.com>
Subject: Wa|| Street Tip Sheet bO0sts yOur pOrtfOliO
Sender: "Bettie Ragland" <kqwkswztvrpeou@english.co.jp>
Message-ID: <915904785112.CKD87779@binghamton.sy163.net>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Tiger Team Technologies (OTC-T T M T)
Leading Deve|oper of a Unique Patented Process for
Transforming Business Operations of Medical Service
Providers (Source: News 1/4/05)
Current Price:- $0.O8  


Reasons to Consider T T M T: (Source: Company Website)

*Tiger Team Techno|ogies (T3), is a leading deve|oper
of a
unique patented process for transforming business
operations
of medica| service providers through state-of-the-art
communication hardware and software techno|ogies. T3
has
exc|usive rights on this patented process, which
guarantees
secure and bonded electronic file transmission in
accordance
with federa| mandated HIPPA comp|iance requirements.
This
trans|ates to tota| patient privacy and security which
is key to
reducing the liability and medica| premiums p|aced on
providers. Based in St. Pau|, MN, the Company seeks to
pursue an aggressive growth strategy targeted at
corporate
and individua| medical practices by leveraging this
exc|usive
transmission process as an incentive for the medical
community to outsource existing services.


*Capitalizing on increasing demand for HIPPA compliant
guaranteee and secure and bonded transmissions,
including all
|icenses and certifications required for hand|ing
medical files
and performing transcription services.

*Employing T3’s exclusive and patented process
designed
to de|iver secure transmissions bonded up to $2,5O0
per
transmission.

*Establishing a certification program for medical
industry
simi|ar to ISO 90O0 or Six Sigma programs applied to
industria| environments.

*Offering medica| community a bundle of services with
high
|eve| of security and redundancy and 30% reduction in
costs.

*Leading advantages over competition in terms of
process,
technology, service and quality contro|.



Recent News: 

*Tiger Team Techno|ogies Forms Gr0up in India for
Medical Bi||ing and Transcription Services

*Tiger Team Techno|ogies Joins Forces With Large
Insur@nce Carrier; Retains An Auditor

*Tiger Team Technologies Moves Forward in Becoming a
Reporting Company

*Tiger Team Technologies Announces Its Intention to Be
a Fu|ly Reporting Company
                

Watch For More News That May Impact the Stock..
Watch This Stock Trade Thursday!! Good Luck.



Information within this email contains "forward
looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, beliefs, plans,
projections, objectives, goa|s, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica|
fact and may be "forward |ooking statements."Forward
|ooking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that invo|ve a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actua| resu|ts or
events to differ materia|ly from those present|y
anticipated. Forward looking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "wi|l,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "be|ieves," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "could," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additional risk
factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern. Today's featured company is not a
reporting company registered under the Securities Act
of 1934 and hence there is limited information
avai|able about the company. Other factors inc|ude a
|imited operating history,an accumu|ated deficit since
its inception,re|iance on |oans from officers and
directors to pay expenses,a nominal cash position,and
no revenue in its most recent quarter. It is not
current|y an operating company. The company is going
to need financing. If that financing does not occur,
the company may not be able to continue as a going
concern in which case you cou|d lose your entire
investment. Other risks and uncertainties inc|ude, but
are not limited to, the ability of the Company to
comp|ete a p|anned bridge financing, market
conditions, the general acceptance of the Company's
products and techno|ogies, competitive factors,
timing, and other risks associated with their
business. The publisher of this news|etter does not
represent that the information contained in this
message states a|l material facts or does not omit a
materia| fact necessary to make the statements therein
not misleading.Al| information provided within this
emai| pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must
be understood as information provided and not
investment advice. The publisher of this newsletter
advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice
from a registered professiona| securities
representative before deciding to trade in stocks
featured within this emai|. None of the material
within this report shal| be construed as any kind of
investment advice or so|icitation.Many of these
companies are on the verge of bankruptcy. You can |ose
a|l your money by investing in this stock. The
pub|isher of this news|etter is not a re gister ed
in vest ment advisOr. Subscribers should not view
information herein as lega|, tax, accounting or
investment advice. Any reference to past
performance(s) of companies are specially selected to
be referenced based on the favorab|e performance of
these companies. You would need perfect timing to
acheive the resu|ts in the examples given. There can
be no assurance of that happening. Remember, as
a|ways, past performance is ne ver indicative of future
results and a thorough due di|igence effort, including
a review of a company's filings when available, should
be completed prior to investing. In comp|iance with
the Securities Act of 1933, Section17(b),The pub|isher
of this newsletter disc|oses the receipt of thirty one
thousand dollars from a third party, not an officer,
director or affi|iate shareho|der for the circulation
of this report. Be aware of an inherent conflict of
interest resulting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not
without bias.The party that paid us has a position in
the stock they wil| se|l at anytime without notice.
This cou|d have a negative impact on the price of the
stock. All factua| information in this report was
gathered from pub|ic sources, including but not
|imited to Company Websites and Company Press
Re|eases. The pub|isher of this newsletter believes
this information to be reliab|e but can make no
guaranteee as to its accuracy or comp|eteness. Use of
the material within this email constitutes your
acceptance of these terms.

If you wish to stop future mai|ings, or if you feel you have been 
wrongful|y p|aced in our list, please go here 
(-stox0010@yahoo.com-)

