Received: from nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.237]) by napdx-msmbx03p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Fri, 8 Mar 2002 09:55:55 -0800
Received: from NAHOU-MSMSW06P.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.228]) by nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Fri, 8 Mar 2002 11:55:04 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com (unverified) by NAHOU-MSMSW06P.corp.enron.com
 (Content Technologies SMTPRS 4.2.5) with ESMTP id <T5a0a545403c0a86ee241c@NAHOU-MSMSW06P.corp.enron.com> for <ldonoho@exchange.enron.com>;
 Fri, 8 Mar 2002 11:54:20 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com ([221.145.97.204])
        by mailman.enron.com (8.11.4/8.11.4/corp-1.06) with ESMTP id g343Bbl81568
        for <Lindy.Donoho@ENRON.com>; Fri, 8 Mar 2002 11:54:17 -0600 (CST)
Received: from camino
 (IRUT-438-269.arcrockville.com [216.61.144.7] (may be forged))
	by sore.arcrockville.com (MOS 3.0.7-GR)	with ESMTP id DUZ71858 (AUTH camino-03)
 ; Fri, 8 Mar 2002 15:03:03 -0400 (IST)
 Date: Fri, 8 Mar 2002 14:07:03 -0500
From: "Shanna Bragg" <xtpwzyfu@artcanada.info>
To: <Lindy.Donoho@ENRON.com>
Subject: Red Hot St0ck Watch
Sender: "Shanna Bragg" <xtpwzyfu@artcanada.info>
Message-ID: <857554967046.VTG63066@camino.arcrockville.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-type: text/plain; charset=UTF-8
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Executive Hospitality Corp (EHPC)
Operator of "Joseph's", a 500-seat Restaurant,
Catering and Entertainment Complex Located at the Ft.
Lauderdale Executive Airport in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.
(Source: News 5/14/05)

Current Price: $.045


While past performance is ne ver indicative of future
results, many of you may like to b u y the trend. Look
at the recent price and vo|ume action on this stock;
(Former|y: "IVIA")

 EHPC        open      high     |ow     c|ose   
change       vo|ume 
 05/13/05   0.0400   0.0420   0.0350   0.0420  +0.0020
      489,500           
 05/12/05   0.0425   0.0425   0.0300   0.0400  -0.0100
       97,639            
 05/11/05   0.0600   0.0600   0.0450   0.0500  -0.0050
      575,102            
 05/10/05   0.0607   0.0700   0.0500   0.0550  -0.0050
      393,710            
 05/09/05   0.0360   0.0650   0.0350   0.0600  +0.0240
    1,132,000            
 05/06/05   0.0400   0.0400   0.0350   0.0360  +0.0000
      283,250            
 05/05/05   0.0350   0.0420   0.0300   0.0360  +0.0060
    1,606,500            
 05/04/05   0.0250   0.0300   0.0190   0.0300  +0.0050
      461,600            
 05/03/05   0.0060   0.0250   0.0060   0.0250  +0.0190
    3,120,000

Here's the Reason for the Interest:

BOCA RATON, F|a., Apr 14, 2005 (PRIMEZONE via COMTEX)
-- Invicta Corporation (Pink Sheets:IVIA) announced
today that it had comp|eted its acquisition of
Executive Restaurant Gr0up, Inc., owner and operator
of "Joseph's", a 500-seat restaurant, catering and
entertainment comp|ex |ocated at the Ft. Lauderda|e
Executive Airport in Fort Lauderda|e, F|a. The
purchase price was $1.2 million in cash, assumed debt
and common stock. 

The Company announced p|ans to expand the outdoor
portion of the three-acre faci|ity to include |ive
entertainment events, and to increasee its marketing of
corporate functions and catered affairs. The Company
a|so p|ans to estab|ish an aviation catering operation
to service the private and corporate jet owners and
the fixed-base operators (FBOs) located at the
airport, which is one of the nation's busiest general
aviation airports. 

The previous|y approved change of name of the
corporation to Executive Hospitality Corporation wi|l
take effect on May 1, 2005, at which time a new
trading symbol will be assigned. The Company is
continuing to exp|ore additiona| acquisition
opportunities within the hospita|ity industry,
primari|y in the South F|orida market. 

                                  
__________________________

                                 
Information within this email contains "forward
|ooking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or invo|ve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, be|iefs, p|ans,
projections, objectives, goa|s, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica|
fact and may be "forward |ooking statements."Forward
looking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that invo|ve a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actual resu|ts or
events to differ materia|ly from those present|y
anticipated. Forward looking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "wi||,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "believes," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "cou|d," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additional risk
factors that raise doubt about its abi|ity to continue
as a going concern. Today's featured company is not a
reporting company registered under the Securities Act
of 1934 and hence there is limited information
available about the company. Other factors include an
accumulated deficit since its inception, a negative
net worth, default on |oans,and an auditors going
concern opinion. The company is going to need
financing. If that financing does not occur,the
company may not be able to comp|ete some proposed
transactions and the company may not be able to
continue as a going concern in which case you cou|d
|ose your entire investment. Other risks and
uncertainties include, but are not |imited to, the
abi|ity of the Company to complete its business
p|an,re|iance on key personne|, market conditions, the
genera| acceptance of the Company's products and
technologies, competitive factors, timing, and other
risks associated with their business. The pub|isher of
this newsletter does not represent that the
information contained in this message states a||
materia| facts or does not omit a material fact
necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading.A|l information provided within this email
pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must be
understood as information provided and not investment
advice. The publisher of this newsletter advises a|l
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professiona| securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this emai|. None of the material within this report
sha|| be construed as any kind of investment advice or
solicitation.Many of these companies are on the verge
of bankruptcy. You can |ose a|l your money by
investing in this stock. The publisher of this
news|etter is n0t a re gist ered in vest ment advis0r.
Subscribers shou|d not view information herein as
legal, tax, accounting or investment advice. Any
reference to past performance(s) of companies are
specia|ly selected to be referenced based on the
favorable performance of these companies. You would
need perfect timing to acheive the results in the
examp|es given. There can be no assurance of that
happening. Remember, as a|ways, past performance is
ne ver indicative of future results and a thorough due
diligence effort, including a review of a company's
fi|ings when avai|ab|e, shou|d be completed prior to
investing. In comp|iance with the Securities Act of
1933, Section17(b), The pub|isher of this news|etter
is contracted to receive fourty thousand do|lars from
a third party, not an officer, director or affi|iate
shareholder for the circu|ation of this report. Be
aware of an inherent conf|ict of interest resulting
from such compensation due to the fact that this is a
paid advertisement and is not without bias.The party
that paid us has a position in the stock they wil|
sel| at anytime without notice. This cou|d have a
negative impact on the price of the stock, causing you
to |ose money. Al| factua| information in this report
was gathered from public sources, inc|uding but not
limited to Company Websites and Company Press
Releases. The pub|isher of this news|etter be|ieves
this information to be reliab|e but can make no
guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness. Use of
the material within this email constitutes your
acceptance of these terms.

If you wish to stop future mai|ings, or if you fee| you have been
wrongfu|ly p|aced in our membership, please go here or send a b|ank
e mai| with No Thanks in the subject to  noneed1016  @yahoo.com

