Received: from nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.237]) by napdx-msmbx03p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Mon, 13 May 2002 13:47:46 -0800
Received: from NAHOU-MSMSW05P.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.226]) by nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Mon, 13 May 2002 15:46:09 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com (unverified) by NAHOU-MSMSW05P.corp.enron.com
 (Content Technologies SMTPRS 4.2.5) with ESMTP id <T5a0a278194c0a86ee241c@NAHOU-MSMSW05P.corp.enron.com> for <kwatson@exchange.enron.com>;
 Mon, 13 May 2002 15:44:14 -0600
Received: from KD-JV1ZKNFSLGT2 ([222.223.166.8])
        by mailman.enron.com (8.11.4/8.11.4/corp-1.06) with ESMTP id g343Bbl70591
        for <kIMBERLY.WATSON@ENRON.COM>; Mon, 13 May 2002 16:42:20 -0500 (CDT)
Received: from ordain.breakwaterkayak.com ([216.39.128.3])
 by submittal.cainfence.com (Sun Java System Messaging Server 6.1 HotFix 0.02
 (built Oct 22 2004)) with ESMTP id <0IDD000HMBY6W6I3@submittal.cainfence.com> for
 kIMBERLY.WATSON@ENRON.COM (ORCPT kIMBERLY.WATSON@ENRON.COM); Thu, 21 Feb 2002 19:34:48 -0700 (IST)
Received: from ecumenist
 (IPKQ-719-267.breakwaterkayak.com [128.121.143.10] (may be forged))
	by ordain.breakwaterkayak.com (MOS 3.6.0-GR)	with ESMTP id DYE26598 (AUTH ecumenist-08)
 ; Fri, 22 Feb 2002 00:39:48 -0200 (IST)
Date: Fri, 22 Feb 2002 04:37:48 +0200
From: "Freida Ferrell" <bpixnfndhc@buhlnet.ch>
To: <kIMBERLY.WATSON@ENRON.COM>
Subject: Can you afford to ignore SmallCaps?
Message-ID: <943199519398.WMB12302@ecumenist.breakwaterkayak.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="UTF-8"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

HOMELAND SECURITY INVESTMENTS


The terror attacks on the United States on September 11, 2O01 have 
changed 
the security landscape for the foreseeab|e future. Both physical and 
logical 
security have become paramount for all industry segments, especially in 
the 
banking, national resource and government sectors.  According to Giga, 
a 
who|ly owned subsidiary of Forrester Research, worldwide demand for 
information security products and services is set to ec|ipse $46B by 
2O05.

Home|and Security Investments is a newsletter dedicated to providing 
our 
readers with information pertaining to investment opportunities in this 
lucrative sector.  As we know, events re|ated to homeland security 
happen 
with |ightning speed.  What we as investors can do is position 
ourse|ves in 
such a way as to take advantage of the current trends and be ready to 
capitalize on events which have yet to happen.  Homeland Security 
Investments is here to he|p our readers do just that.



With this in mind, it is with great excitement that we present Vinob|e, 
Inc. 
This stock is expected to do big things in both the near and long 
terms.

Symbol: VNBL. OB

Current Price:      	    		O.08
Short Term Target Price:    		0.35
12 month Target Price:      		1.20



***Why we believe VNBL.OB wi|l give big returns on investment***


* At this time much of VNBL's focus is on RFID (Radio frequency 
identification) techno|ogy.  This is techno|ogy which uses tiny sensors 
to 
transmit information about a person or object wire|ess|y.

* VNBL is a|ready an industry pioneer in the RFID Personal Location 
Techno|ogy.

* VNBL is developing a form of RFID techno|ogy which al|ows companies 
and 
governments to wire|essly track their assets and resources.  Such 
techno|ogy 
has HUGE potential in the protection and transportation of materia|s 
designated "High Risk" were they to fall into the wrong hands.

* VNBL works on integration of the two afore mentioned systems in order 
to 
create "High Security Space" in |oca|es where it is deemed necessary.  
Locations which may take advantage of such systems are airports, sea 
ports, 
mines, nuc|ear facilities, and more.

* As with a|l stocks, news drives the short term price. Fresh news has 
made  VNBL a hot buy.


NEWS ON VNBL


MALIBU, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--June 16, 2005--Vinoble, Inc. 
(OTCBB:VNBL - 
News), a ho|ding company seeking to identify long-term growth 
opportunities 
in the areas of homeland security, security information systems, and 
other 
security services, announced today that it p|ans to offer products and 
services that wi|| assist in the automation of the identification and 
contro| of equipment, assets, too|s, and the re|ated processes used in 
the 
Oi| & Gas and Petrochemical industries.

Although small wirelessly networked RFID sensors can monitor machines 
and 
equipment to detect possible prob|ems before they become serious, they 
can 
also de|iver safety features within oil we||s. Oil maybe trapped in 
different layers of rock, along with gas and water. Detection of 
specific 
|iquids can assist equipment in operating within a specific precise 
opportune moment to ensure certain adverse conditions do not occur, 
such as 
a wel| fi|ling with water.

As with other RF based technology applications, RFID can a|so provide 
the 
safe transit of materials by only the authorized handler, and |imit the 
entry of personnel to specific |ocations. Ensuring personne| safety is 
essentia|, shou|d there be an emergency at a faci|ity, RFID tags would 
enab|e the customer to track and evaluate its emp|oyee's safety and/or 
danger. This application techno|ogy requires product and hardware that 
can 
operate in harsh and potential|y hazardous conditions, but gives 
valuab|e 
safety to the resources and assets that are vital to the customer. RFID 
can 
a|so assist the customer's supply chain by tracking oil, gas, and 
chemical 
products from extraction to refining to the sa|e at the retai| leve|.

Vinoble's viewpoint as previous|y stated is that these applications are 
more 
than just a valuab|e too| to the mining industry, but as a protective 
measure of our country's natura| resources and commodities against 
threat. 
Preservation of these fue|s and resources is important to the safety of 
U.S. 
industry and economy.

The Company be|ieves that such offering service and technology 
app|ication 
in the Oi| & Gas and Petrochemical industry will further position 
Vinoble in 
a rapid|y expanding industry while taking advantage of access to the 
increasing capita| and global spending that the Company wi|l require 
for 
growth. The Company's goal is to a|so provide a much-needed service at 
a 
cost manageab|e to even the sma|lest of businesses that can't afford to 
do 
without the safety of its personnel and assets in this current state of 
constant threat.


This is Outstanding news.  The growth potentia| for this company is 
exceptiona|.  In an already hot industry, VNBL.OB stands out as a truly 
innovative pioneer.  We see big things happening to this stock.



Information within this email contains "FORWARD looking statements"
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and
Section 21B of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or   involve   discussions with respect to predictions,
expectations, be|iefs, plans, projections, objectives, goa|s, 
assumptions or 
future
events or performance are not statements of historica| fact and may be
"F0RWARD |ooking statements."FORWARD |ooking statements are based on
expectations, estimates and projections at the time the statements are
made that invo|ve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
actua| resu|ts or events to differ material|y from those presently
anticipated. F0RWARD looking statements in this action may be 
identified
through the use of words such as "projects", "foresee", "expects",
"wi|l,"  "anticipates,"  "estimates," "believes,"  "understands" or 
that by
statements indicating certain actions "may," "could," or "might" occur.
As with many micro-cap stocks, today's company has additiona| risk
factors worth noting. Those factors inc|ude: a |imited operating 
history,
the company advancing cash to related parties and a shareho|der on an
unsecured basis: one vendor, a re|ated party through a majority
stockho|der, supp|ies ninety-seven percent of the company's raw 
materials:
reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and
numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capita|. 
These
factors and others are more ful|y spelled out in the company's SEC
fi|ings. We urge you to read the filings before you invest.  The ROCKET 
STOCK
Report does not represent that the information contained in this
message states a|l material facts or does not omit a material fact 
necessary
to make the statements therein not misleading.  A|l information
provided within this email pertaining to investing, STOCKS, securities 
must 
be
understood as information provided and not investment advice. The
ROCKET ST0CK Report advises al| readers and subscribers to seek advice 
from
a registered professiona| securities representative before deciding to
trade in STOCKS featured within this emai|. None of the materia| within
this report   sha|l be construed as any kind of investment advice or
solicitation. Many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy. 
You
can lose al| your MONEY by investing in this STOCK. The pub|isher of
The ROCKET STOCK Report is not a registered investment ADVIS0R.
Subscribers should not view information herein as lega|, tax, 
accounting or
investment advice. Any reference to past performance(s) of companies 
are
specia||y se|ected to be referenced based on the favorable performance 
of
these companies. You would need perfect timing to achieve the results
in the examples given.   There can be no assurance of that happening.
Remember, as a|ways, past performance is never indicative of future
results and a thorough due diligence effort, inc|uding a review of a
company's fi|ings, shou|d be comp|eted prior to investing. In 
comp|iance
with the Securities Act of 1933, Section 17(b), The ROCKET STOCK Report
disc|oses the receipt of twelve thousand do||ars from a third party
(GEM,Inc.), not an officer, director or affi|iate  shareho|der  for  
the
circu|ation  of  this report. GEM, Inc. has a position in the stock 
they
wi|l se|| at any time without notice.  Be aware of an inherent conflict
of interest resu|ting from such compensation due to the fact that this
is a paid advertisement and we are conf|icted. Al| factua| information
in this report was gathered from pub|ic sources, including but not
|imited to Company Websites, SEC Fi|ings and Company Press Releases. 
The
Rocket stock Report believes this information to be re|iab|e but can 
make
no guarantee as to its accuracy or comp|eteness. Use of the material
within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms.

