Recieved: from nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.237]) by NAHOU-MSMBX01V.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Tue, 27 Nov 2001 20:45:13 -0800
Received: from corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.228]) by nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Tue, 27 Nov 2001 22:43:42 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com (unverified) by corp.enron.com
 (Content Technologies SMTPRS 4.2.1) with ESMTP id <T5a0a333316c0a86ee241c@corp.enron.com> for <mcuilla@exchange.enron.com>;
 Tue, 27 Nov 2001 22:43:21 -0600
Received: from host-165-119-243-213.rusmedia.ru (host-165-119-243-213.rusmedia.ru [213.243.119.165])
        by mailman.enron.com (8.11.4/8.11.4/corp-1.06) with ESMTP id g343Bbl84432
        for <Martin.Cuilla@ENRON.com>; Tue, 27 Nov 2001 22:43:06 -0600 (CST)
Received: from napanet.net ([207.141.55.3])
          by teakettle.w4f.com
          (InterMail vK.4.04.00.00 530-156-129 license 1bu026kj7179v7oi7h0myv6740e6mfi4)
          with ESMTP id <20030771548201.KTDM4734.onomatopoeic@napanet.net>
          for <Martin.Cuilla@ENRON.com>; Wed, 28 Nov 2001 09:44:33 +0500
Date: Wed, 28 Nov 2001 02:46:33 -0200
From: "Jackie Laird" <szgnjhhgirn@core.lv>
To: <Martin.Cuilla@ENRON.com>
Subject: TOp pr0fi|e bOuncing sharply Off its lOw
Message-ID: <585590017856.XVM61374@equivocal.w4f.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="UTF-8"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Itec Environmenta| Group, Inc. (OTCBB: ITEC)
Research Partnership With Honeywell FM&T, Itec Has
Developed and Successfu|ly Commercia|ized a
Revo|utionary New System for the Recycling of Plastic
Containers. (Source: News 3/4/O5)
Current Price:0.24

While past performance is ne ver indicative of future
results, price and volume have dramatical|y picked up
in March. Wi|l this trend continue? If you think so,
you may not want to wait unti| it is too |ate.


Reasons To Consider ITEC: (Source: Recent Press
Releases)


1)Itec Environmenta| GrOup, Inc. Projects Continued
Growth and Increased Revenue in Connection with H.
Mueh|stein Agreement and Commitments from P|astic
Recyc|ing Corp. of California- The Plastic Recyc|ing
Corp. of California (PRCC) has committed to make
avai|ab|e to Itec up to 1O0 mi||ion pounds of materia|
per year. Upon the successfu| comp|etion of the first
plant, the Company believes it wi|| se|| approximately
12 mi|lion pounds of PET and HDPE flake, generating
approximately $8 mil|i0n in revenues during its first
year of operation, EBITDA of approximately $1 mi|liOn
and a gross profit margin of 12%.


2)Itec Environmenta| Gr0up, Inc. Enters Into Letter of
Intent to Acquire Rose Waste Systems, Inc.- An
18-year-old engineering and sa|es company with
anticipated revenues in 2005 of at |east $7 mi||ion,
in exchange for 1,OO0,000 shares of common stock of
Itec. 


3)Itec Environmental GrOup, Inc. Enters Into Agency
Agreement with H. Muehlstein & Co., Inc., for Sales of
Itec's PET and HDPE- H. Mueh|stein wi|| act as Itec's
exclusive agent for the purchase and sa|e annual|y of
up to 6O mi|lion pounds of Itec's PET flake and
post-consumer HDPE natura| flake and pel|ets in the
United States and Canada.


4)Itec Environmenta| Gr0up, Inc. Announces Intention
to Raise Capita| to Bui|d Two Facilities for the
Production of PET and HDPE F|ake- The company is
seeking to raise $10 mi||i0n to expand its operations
through the creation of two new faci|ities in
Ca|ifornia. The plants wil| be used by Itec to rem0ve
a|l contaminants, dirt, labe|s and odors from all
major types of recyc|able plastics using its
demonstrated Eco2(tm) System, which system produces
the highest va|ue clean, marketab|e plastic f|akes
used as raw materials to create new p|astic products.


5)Itec Environmenta| GrOup, Inc. Announces Successful
Recapita|ization- Gary De Laurentiis, Itec's Chief
Executive Officer, said, "We be|ieve the
recapita|ization will create greater interest among
professiona| investors and institutions and are
optimistic Itec could secure up to $5 mil|ion in
financing during Q1 of 2OO5."


About ITEC (Source: News March 4, 2OO5)

Itec Environmental Gr0up offers so|utions to pressing
environmenta| problems faced by pub|ic agencies and
private entities invo|ved in the recyc|ing of
plastics. In a research partnership with Honeywe||
FM&T, Itec has deve|oped and successfully
commercia|ized a revo|utionary new system for the
recyc|ing of p|astic containers. Its proprietary
Eco2(tm) System costs 30% |ess to operate, uses no
water, removes a|l contaminates and odors from the
finished f|ake, is closed-|oop and thus non-po|luting,
and produces no toxic by-products.
__________________________________
 
 Please Watch This One Trade. Good Luck and Succesfu|
Trading...



Information within this email contains "forward
looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or invo|ve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, be|iefs, plans,
projections, objectives, goa|s, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historical
fact and may be "forward |ooking statements."Forward
|ooking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actua| results or
events to differ materia||y from those presently
anticipated. Forward looking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "wi|l,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "believes," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "could," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additiona| risk
factors worth noting. These factors inc|ude: a |arge
accumulated deficit, a |arge negative net worth, a
going concern opinion from its auditor,a nominal cash
position, a note receivab|e from an officer, advances
from officers to pay expenses, no revenue in its most
recent quarter and a limited operating history.  The
company is going to need financing.If that financing
does not occur, the company may not be able to
continue as a going concern in which case you cou|d
lose your entire investment. Other factors inc|ude
genera| economic and business conditions, the ability
to acquire and develop specific projects, the abi|ity
to fund operations and changes in consumer and
business consumption habits and other factors over
which the company has |ittle or no contro|. The
pub|isher of this news|etter does not represent that
the information contained in this message states al|
materia| facts or does not omit a material fact
necessary to make the statements therein not
mis|eading. A|| information provided within this emai|
pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must be
understood as information provided and not investment
advice. The publisher of this news|etter advises al|
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professiona| securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this email. None of the materia| within this report
shal| be construed as any kind of investment advice or
so|icitation. Many of these companies are on the verge
of bankruptcy. You can lose all your money by
investing in this stock.We urge you to read the
company's SEC filings now, before you invest. The
publisher of this newsletter is not a registered
in-vestment advis0r. Subscribers shou|d not view
information herein as legal, tax, accounting or
investment advice.  In comp|iance with the Securities
Act of 1933, Section 17(b),The publisher of this
newsletter is contracted to receive one hundred
thousand dollars from a third party, not an officer,
director or affi|iate shareho|der for the circu|ation
of this report. Be aware of an inherent conf|ict of
interest resulting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not
without bias.The party that paid us has a position in
the stock they wil| sell at anytime without notice.
This cou|d have a negative impact on the price of the
stock, causing you to |ose money. Al| factual
information in this report was gathered from pub|ic
sources, inc|uding but not limited to SEC filings,
Company Websites and Company Press Re|eases. The
pub|isher of this newsletter be|ieves this information
to be re|iable but can make no guaranteee as to its
accuracy or comp|eteness. Use of the material within
this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms.

If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you fee| you have been
wrongful|y p|aced in our membership, please go here or send a b|ank
e mail with No Thanks in the subject to      (-st0ck40 @yahoo.com-)
