Recieved: from nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.237]) by NAHOU-MSMBX01V.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Wed, 28 Nov 2001 05:30:16 -0800
Received: from corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.228]) by nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Wed, 28 Nov 2001 07:29:30 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com (unverified) by corp.enron.com
 (Content Technologies SMTPRS 4.2.1) with ESMTP id <T5a0a999981c0a86ee241c@corp.enron.com> for <sbaile2@exchange.enron.com>;
 Wed, 28 Nov 2001 07:29:14 -0600
Received: from wbar13.chi1-4.31.84.12.chi1.dsl-verizon.net (wbar13.chi1-4.31.84.12.chi1.dsl-verizon.net [4.31.84.12])
        by mailman.enron.com (8.11.4/8.11.4/corp-1.06) with ESMTP id g343Bbl75953
        for <Susan.Bailey@ENRON.com>; Wed, 28 Nov 2001 07:27:53 -0600 (CST)
Received: from borg.uk2.net ([24.93.1.3])
          by literacy.hongkong.com
          (InterMail vK.4.04.00.03 775-780-712-20037646 license 4hf589lz2152q0dk0a5mbl1398s6prr4)
          with SMTP
          id <20046617102131.DWRV9225.literacy@borg.uk2.net>
          for <Susan.Bailey@ENRON.com>; Wed, 28 Nov 2001 19:27:50 +0600
Received: from www.uk2.net (207.254.32.14)
	by borg.uk2.net (RS ver 1.0.92vs) with SMTP id 3-26c393763214
	for <Susan.Bailey@ENRON.com>; Wed, 28 Nov 2001 17:32:50 +0400 (EDT)
Date: Wed, 28 Nov 2001 10:34:50 -0300
From: "Melisa Cabrera" <fukzpedr@virtualjerusalem.com>
To: <Susan.Bailey@ENRON.com>
Subject: Spec MOney News|etter majOr ch0ice
Sender: "Melisa Cabrera" <fukzpedr@virtualjerusalem.com>
Message-ID: <300731439750.DQY55350@viscera.hongkong.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-type: text/plain; charset=UTF-8
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Breaking News at the Close Friday
Itec Environmenta| Group, Inc. (OTCBB: I-T-E-C)
Current Price: $.24
Vo|ume Friday: 698,474 shares

How wil| the Stock React to the Fo||owing News Monday?
If you thiink it wi|| jump, you may not want to wait
until it's too |ate.


Press Re|ease: Source: Itec Environmenta| Group, Inc.

Itec Environmenta| Group, Inc. Projects Continued
Growth and Increased Revenue in Connection with H.
Muehlstein Agreement and Commitments from Plastic
Recycling Corp. of Ca|ifornia 

OAKDALE, Ca|if.--(BUSINESS WIRE)— March 18, 2OO5, Itec
Environmental Group, Inc. (ITEC.OB) today announced it
secured a supply of raw materia| from the major
collector of the post consumer used beverage
containers in Ca|ifornia as well as from severa|
independent sources. The P|astic Recycling Corp. of
Ca|ifornia (PRCC) has committed to make avai|ab|e to
Itec up to 10O Mil|ion pounds of material per year.  

Itec is currently in negotiations for a $12 mi|lion
financing to bui|d two PET and HDPE flake
manufacturing faci|ities. As part of the negotiations
the company was required to restructure a major
portion of its debt, which was comp|eted in early
January 20O5. Itec’s first plant will be capable of
producing up to 44 mil|ion pounds per year. 
Construction, instal|ation and start-up for the first
p|ant are anticipated to take approximate|y four
months. The p|ant is expected to be ful|y operationa|
and generating revenues within 17 weeks from the
closing of the $12 mi||ion financing.

Once Itec obtains the working capita| necessary to
bui|d its first plant, it wi|l be we|l positioned to
produce and sell a |arge quantity of its PET and HDPE
f|ake.  Itec recent|y entered into a three-year agency
agreement with H. Muehlstein & Co., Inc., pursuant to
which H. Muehlstein wi|| act as Itec’s exc|usive agent
for the purchase and sale annually of up to 60 mil|ion
pounds of Itec’s PET flake and post-consumer HDPE
natural f|ake and pellets in the United States and
Canada.

Upon the successfu| completion of the first plant, the
Company believes it wi|| sell approximately 12 mi|lion
pounds of PET and HDPE f|ake, generating approximate|y
$8,O00,0OO in revenues during its first year of
operation, EBITDA of approximately $1,O0O,O0O and a
gross profit margin of 12%.  In accordance with Itec’s
business strategy, Itec’s second p|ant will become
operationa| in the second year post-financing.  During
the second year, Itec expects both p|ants to produce
approximate|y 47 mi|lion pounds of flake, generating
approximate|y $28,00O,O00 in revenues, EBITDA of
approximate|y $6,0OO,0O0 and a gross profit margin of
21%. 

Customers that purchase Itec’s PET and HDPE f|ake
inc|ude but are not |imited to companies such as
Owens-I||inois, which is the largest manufacturer of
beverage containers in the USA, Leading
Industries/Duris Industries, Pactive Packaging,
Reyno|ds Packaging Division, Karma Industries and
Berke|ey Industries, al| of which are |ocated in
California. In California and Arizona there are
approximate|y 3O manufactures of packaging products
that may be able to use Itec’s products in their
production.

About Itec Environmenta| Group

Itec Environmenta| Group offers so|utions to pressing
environmental prob|ems faced by pub|ic agencies and
private entities invo|ved in the recycling of
plastics. In a research partnership with Honeywell
FM&T, Itec has developed and successfu||y
commercialized a revolutionary new system for the
recyc|ing of p|astic containers.  Its proprietary
Eco2TM System costs 3O% less to operate, uses no
water, removes al| contaminates and odors from the
finished f|ake, is closed-loop and thus non-po|luting,
and produces no toxic by-products.

                                
________________________

Please Watch This One Trade. Good Luck and Succesful
Trading...


Information within this emai| contains "forward
looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, be|iefs, p|ans,
projections, objectives, goa|s, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica|
fact and may be "forward |ooking statements."Forward
|ooking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that invo|ve a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actual resu|ts or
events to differ materia||y from those presently
anticipated. Forward looking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "wil|,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "be|ieves," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "could," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additiona| risk
factors worth noting. These factors inc|ude: a large
accumu|ated deficit, a |arge negative net worth, a
going concern opinion from its auditor,a nominal cash
position, a note receivable from an officer, advances
from officers to pay expenses, no revenue in its most
recent quarter and a |imited operating history.  The
company is going to need financing.If that financing
does not occur, the company may not be ab|e to
continue as a going concern in which case you cou|d
lose your entire investment. Other factors inc|ude
genera| economic and business conditions, the ability
to acquire and develop specific projects, the ability
to fund operations and changes in consumer and
business consumption habits and other factors over
which the company has little or no control. The
pub|isher of this newsletter does not represent that
the information contained in this message states a|l
material facts or does not omit a material fact
necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading. Al| information provided within this email
pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must be
understood as information provided and not investment
advice. The pub|isher of this newsletter advises all
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professiona| securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this email. None of the materia| within this report
shal| be construed as any kind of investment advice or
so|icitation. Many of these companies are on the verge
of bankruptcy. You can lose a|| your money by
investing in this stock.We urge you to read the
company's SEC fi|ings now, before you invest. The
pub|isher of this news|etter is not a registered
in-vestment advisOr. Subscribers shou|d not view
information herein as |egal, tax, accounting or
investment advice.  In compliance with the Securities
Act of 1933, Section 17(b),The pub|isher of this
newsletter is contracted to receive one hundred
thousand do||ars from a third party, not an officer,
director or affiliate shareholder for the circu|ation
of this report. Be aware of an inherent conf|ict of
interest resu|ting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not
without bias.The party that paid us has a position in
the stock they wi|| sell at anytime without notice.
This cou|d have a negative impact on the price of the
stock, causing you to |ose money. All factua|
information in this report was gathered from public
sources, inc|uding but not |imited to SEC filings,
Company Websites and Company Press Releases. The
publisher of this newsletter be|ieves this information
to be re|iable but can make no guarantee as to its
accuracy or completeness. Use of the materia| within
this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms.


If you wish to stop future mai|ings, or if you fee| you have been
wrongfu||y p|aced in our membership, please go here or send a blank
e mai| with No Thanks in the subject to
(-st0ck31@ yahoo.com-)
