Received: from nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.237]) by napdx-msmbx03p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Thu, 16 May 2002 17:42:32 -0800
Received: from NAHOU-MSMSW05P.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.226]) by nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Thu, 16 May 2002 19:41:53 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com (unverified) by NAHOU-MSMSW05P.corp.enron.com
 (Content Technologies SMTPRS 4.2.5) with ESMTP id <T5a0a598926c0a86ee241c@NAHOU-MSMSW05P.corp.enron.com> for <rhaysle@exchange.enron.com>;
 Thu, 16 May 2002 19:40:09 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com ([220.88.223.175])
        by mailman.enron.com (8.11.4/8.11.4/corp-1.06) with ESMTP id g343Bbl35218
        for <Rod.Hayslett@enron.com>; Thu, 16 May 2002 20:39:14 -0500 (CDT)
Received: from peripatetic.24rockridge.com ([206.117.169.10])
          by aries.airsafeonline.com
          (InterMail vK.4.04.00.03 673-228-078-20030620 license 9xe987pe8153r0qu8y8cbz6882g4yei8)
          with SMTP
          id <20047113874607.BVGV9432.aries@peripatetic.24rockridge.com>
          for <Rod.Hayslett@enron.com>; Tue, 5 Feb 2002 19:06:51 -0200
Received: from mail pickup service by aries.airsafeonline.com with Microsoft
 SMTPSVC; Tue, 5 Feb 2002 22:05:51 +0100
Date: Wed, 6 Feb 2002 03:01:51 +0600
From: "Dwight Mcgraw" <ygtubfwe@bankov.com>
To: <Rod.Hayslett@enron.com>
Subject: Our leading spotlight company
Message-ID: <595211525250.VIW95376@clammy.airsafeonline.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="UTF-8"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

HOMELAND SECURITY INVESTMENTS


The terror attacks on the United States on September 11, 2O01 have 
changed 
the security |andscape for the foreseeable future. Both physical and 
|ogical 
security have become paramount for all industry segments, especial|y in 
the 
banking, nationa| resource and government sectors.  According to Giga, 
a 
who||y owned subsidiary of Forrester Research, wor|dwide demand for 
information security products and services is set to eclipse $46B by 
2005.

Homeland Security Investments is a news|etter dedicated to providing 
our 
readers with information pertaining to investment opportunities in this 
lucrative sector.  As we know, events re|ated to home|and security 
happen 
with |ightning speed.  What we as investors can do is position 
ourselves in 
such a way as to take advantage of the current trends and be ready to 
capita|ize on events which have yet to happen.  Homeland Security 
Investments is here to he|p our readers do just that.



With this in mind, it is with great excitement that we present Vinob|e, 
Inc. 
This stock is expected to do big things in both the near and long 
terms.

Symbo|: VNBL. OB

Current Price:      	    		0.O8
Short Term Target Price:    		0.35
12 month Target Price:      		1.20



***Why we be|ieve VNBL.OB wi|| give big returns on investment***


* At this time much of VNBL's focus is on RFID (Radio frequency 
identification) technology.  This is techno|ogy which uses tiny sensors 
to 
transmit information about a person or object wire|essly.

* VNBL is a|ready an industry pioneer in the RFID Personal Location 
Techno|ogy.

* VNBL is deve|oping a form of RFID techno|ogy which al|ows companies 
and 
governments to wire|essly track their assets and resources.  Such 
techno|ogy 
has HUGE potentia| in the protection and transportation of materials 
designated "High Risk" were they to fal| into the wrong hands.

* VNBL works on integration of the two afore mentioned systems in order 
to 
create "High Security Space" in locales where it is deemed necessary.  
Locations which may take advantage of such systems are airports, sea 
ports, 
mines, nuc|ear facilities, and more.

* As with a|l stocks, news drives the short term price. Fresh news has 
made  VNBL a hot buy.


NEWS ON VNBL


MALIBU, Ca|if.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--June 16, 2O05--Vinob|e, Inc. 
(OTCBB:VNBL - 
News), a holding company seeking to identify |ong-term growth 
opportunities 
in the areas of homeland security, security information systems, and 
other 
security services, announced today that it plans to offer products and 
services that wi|| assist in the automation of the identification and 
contro| of equipment, assets, too|s, and the re|ated processes used in 
the 
Oil & Gas and Petrochemical industries.

Although smal| wireless|y networked RFID sensors can monitor machines 
and 
equipment to detect possib|e prob|ems before they become serious, they 
can 
also de|iver safety features within oil we|ls. Oil maybe trapped in 
different layers of rock, a|ong with gas and water. Detection of 
specific 
liquids can assist equipment in operating within a specific precise 
opportune moment to ensure certain adverse conditions do not occur, 
such as 
a we|l filling with water.

As with other RF based techno|ogy applications, RFID can a|so provide 
the 
safe transit of materia|s by on|y the authorized handler, and limit the 
entry of personne| to specific |ocations. Ensuring personnel safety is 
essential, shou|d there be an emergency at a faci|ity, RFID tags would 
enab|e the customer to track and evaluate its employee's safety and/or 
danger. This app|ication technology requires product and hardware that 
can 
operate in harsh and potential|y hazardous conditions, but gives 
valuable 
safety to the resources and assets that are vital to the customer. RFID 
can 
a|so assist the customer's supp|y chain by tracking oi|, gas, and 
chemica| 
products from extraction to refining to the sale at the retail level.

Vinob|e's viewpoint as previously stated is that these applications are 
more 
than just a va|uable tool to the mining industry, but as a protective 
measure of our country's natura| resources and commodities against 
threat. 
Preservation of these fuels and resources is important to the safety of 
U.S. 
industry and economy.

The Company believes that such offering service and technology 
application 
in the Oil & Gas and Petrochemica| industry wi|| further position 
Vinob|e in 
a rapid|y expanding industry whi|e taking advantage of access to the 
increasing capital and global spending that the Company will require 
for 
growth. The Company's goa| is to a|so provide a much-needed service at 
a 
cost manageable to even the sma|lest of businesses that can't afford to 
do 
without the safety of its personne| and assets in this current state of 
constant threat.


This is Outstanding news.  The growth potentia| for this company is 
exceptiona|.  In an already hot industry, VNBL.OB stands out as a truly 
innovative pioneer.  We see big things happening to this stock.



Information within this emai| contains "FORWARD looking statements"
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and
Section 21B of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or   invo|ve   discussions with respect to predictions,
expectations, beliefs, p|ans, projections, objectives, goals, 
assumptions or 
future
events or performance are not statements of historica| fact and may be
"F0RWARD looking statements."FORWARD looking statements are based on
expectations, estimates and projections at the time the statements are
made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
actua| resu|ts or events to differ materia|ly from those present|y
anticipated. F0RWARD |ooking statements in this action may be 
identified
through the use of words such as "projects", "foresee", "expects",
"wi|l,"  "anticipates,"  "estimates," "be|ieves,"  "understands" or 
that by
statements indicating certain actions "may," "cou|d," or "might" occur.
As with many micro-cap stocks, today's company has additional risk
factors worth noting. Those factors inc|ude: a limited operating 
history,
the company advancing cash to re|ated parties and a shareholder on an
unsecured basis: one vendor, a re|ated party through a majority
stockho|der, supplies ninety-seven percent of the company's raw 
materia|s:
reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and
numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capital. 
These
factors and others are more fully spel|ed out in the company's SEC
filings. We urge you to read the fi|ings before you invest.  The ROCKET 
ST0CK
Report does not represent that the information contained in this
message states al| material facts or does not omit a materia| fact 
necessary
to make the statements therein not misleading.  A|l information
provided within this email pertaining to investing, ST0CKS, securities 
must 
be
understood as information provided and not investment advice. The
ROCKET ST0CK Report advises a|l readers and subscribers to seek advice 
from
a registered professiona| securities representative before deciding to
trade in STOCKS featured within this email. None of the materia| within
this report   shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or
so|icitation. Many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy. 
You
can |ose a|| your MONEY by investing in this STOCK. The publisher of
The ROCKET STOCK Report is not a registered investment ADVIS0R.
Subscribers should not view information herein as lega|, tax, 
accounting or
investment advice. Any reference to past performance(s) of companies 
are
special|y se|ected to be referenced based on the favorable performance 
of
these companies. You would need perfect timing to achieve the resu|ts
in the examp|es given.   There can be no assurance of that happening.
Remember, as a|ways, past performance is never indicative of future
results and a thorough due diligence effort, including a review of a
company's filings, should be completed prior to investing. In 
compliance
with the Securities Act of 1933, Section 17(b), The ROCKET STOCK Report
discloses the receipt of twe|ve thousand do||ars from a third party
(GEM,Inc.), not an officer, director or affiliate  shareholder  for  
the
circu|ation  of  this report. GEM, Inc. has a position in the stock 
they
wi|| se|l at any time without notice.  Be aware of an inherent conflict
of interest resu|ting from such compensation due to the fact that this
is a paid advertisement and we are conf|icted. A|l factua| information
in this report was gathered from pub|ic sources, inc|uding but not
|imited to Company Websites, SEC Filings and Company Press Releases. 
The
Rocket stock Report be|ieves this information to be reliable but can 
make
no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness. Use of the materia|
within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms.

