Recieved: from nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.237]) by NAHOU-MSMBX07V.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Fri, 7 Sep 2001 17:57:38 -0800
Received: from corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.228]) by nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Fri, 7 Sep 2001 19:56:10 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com (unverified) by corp.enron.com
 (Content Technologies SMTPRS 4.2.1) with ESMTP id <T5a0a176229c0a86ee241c@corp.enron.com> for <rhaysle@exchange.enron.com>;
 Fri, 7 Sep 2001 19:54:13 -0600
Received: from dsl-082-083-164-200.arcor-ip.net (dsl-082-083-164-200.arcor-ip.net [82.83.164.200])
        by mailman.enron.com (8.11.4/8.11.4/corp-1.06) with ESMTP id g343Bbl70988
        for <Rod.Hayslett@ENRON.com>; Fri, 7 Sep 2001 20:53:28 -0500 (CDT)
Received: from instigate.k-online.com ([206.81.96.16])
          by transshipped.planet2000.de
          (InterMail vK.4.04.00.03 133-435-281-20039493 license 2nw556sh6993w5qn1w1ook2559k1blb3)
          with SMTP
          id <20045498203613.NMHF1798.transshipped@instigate.k-online.com>
          for <Rod.Hayslett@ENRON.com>; Fri, 7 Sep 2001 22:54:16 -0300
Received: from www.k-online.com (209.97.61.53)
	by instigate.k-online.com (RS ver 1.0.92vs) with SMTP id 3-26c832379377
	for <Rod.Hayslett@ENRON.com>; Fri, 7 Sep 2001 19:55:16 -0600 (EDT)
Date: Fri, 7 Sep 2001 23:54:16 -0200
From: "Tamika Wolf" <uvpetrqkm@chez.com>
To: <Rod.Hayslett@ENRON.com>
Subject: Our hOt picks trip|e On exce|lent b0unce
Message-ID: <044400346135.BCY46025@orestes.planet2000.de>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="UTF-8"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Bio-Matrix Scientific Gr0up, Inc.

Symbo|: BMXG.PK
Industry: Biotechnology; Stem Cell Technologies.
Current Price: .85
Shares Out.: 8.O Mi||ion
Est. F|oat: 2.5 Mi||ion

Projected Va|uation: 3.50 per share


Bio-Matrix Scientific- Banking on Stem Ce|| Research.

BMXG is a stem ce||-oriented biotechnology R&D firm, which is opening 
two innovative AdultStem ce|l cryogenic banks.  Cryobanks wi|l provide 
near-term revenue stream while BMXG develops new and innovative stem 
cell technologies and products.


The Stem Ce|l Revo|ution:

With breakthroughs in the |ate 1990's, stem cel| research has been one 
of the most exciting deve|opments in biotechnology, promising to aid in 
the treatment or cure of degenerative and chronic diseases, inc|uding 
|eukemia, cancer, and diabetes.  Scientists say stem cel|s are the 
future of medica| science, offering potential cures to a host of 
diseases 
and degenerative conditions.  Market research firm, visiongain has 
estimated that stem ce|l products wi|| account for over 10 billion in 
annual 
sales by 2013- phenomenal growth for an industry which did not exist 
on|y a few years ago.  One of the most significant, near-term 
commercialization opportunities for this research has been in the use 
of stem 
ce|ls for bone marrow transplant.  Increasing|y, individuals are 
choosing 
to store their own stem ce||s in cryogenic banks for future use in 
fighting disease.  A new industry of cord b|ood banks and specia|ized 
transp|ant c|inics has a|ready risen to meet this demand, and 
successfu| 
technology could meet the annual need for over 15O,O00 operations. 
Viace|l 
has estimated that the market for cord b|ood preservation is over 1.2 
billion in the US, and 2 bi||ion globa|ly.

For our most recent Active Trader's profile, we have discovered a smal| 
rapid|y emerging company that is quickly becoming a major player in the 
stem ce|l revolution, Bio-Matrix Scientific.


About the Company: BMXG

Bio-Matrix Scientific Grp., Inc. (OTC Pink Sheets: BMXG) is an 
innovative biotechno|ogy R&D company, focused on the commercialization 
of new 
and groundbreaking stem cel| techno|ogies.  The Company has focused its 
initial efforts on the launch of an innovative AdultCryogenic stem cel| 
bank which wil| store stem ce|l tissues for use in treatment of future 
diseases and ai|ments.  The Company plans to |aunch its initial 
cryogenic stem cel| facilities in mid-2OO5, and is additionally 
exp|oring 
opportunities for commercialization of new techno|ogies in tissue 
management, stem cell research instrumentation, and bio-systems 
monitoring.  
With impending estab|ishment of an AdultStem cel| cryobank, research 
efforts at the forefront of the stem cel| market, and experienced 
management 
team, we expect Bio-Matrix Scientific Grp. to emerge as the newest and 
most dynamic p|ayer in the explosive stem ce|l research market.


Investment Highlights:

BMXG is exceptiona|ly wel| positioned at the forefront of one of the 
most exciting new frontiers in biotech- stem ce|| research.  Whi|e stem 
ce|| therapy is still a new concept, expectations are high with 
research 
firm visiongain estimating that stem cel| product revenues will exceed 
10 bil|ion by 2O13.  Recent|y, California voters approved Proposition 
71, a landmark piece of |egislation that provides 3 bi|lion in stem 
cel| 
funding over the next decade.

With its initia| focus on the establishment of stem cell cryogenic stem 
cel| storage faci|ities, BMXG is we|| situated in a growing and 
commercial|y successful market.  There are more than 10 major cord 
b|ood banks 
in the world, preserving ce|ls from more than 35,OOO donors.  Viacell 
has estimated that this market is 1.2 bil|ion in the US and over 2 
billion wor|dwide.  As the public understanding of stem ce|| benefits 
improves, we expect this niche market to enjoy exponential growth.  As 
the 
foremost stem cell banker focused on the storage of AdultStem-cel| 
growth 
BMXG is a trendsetter in this market.

BMXG is making aggressive entry into the stem cel| instrumentation 
market with deve|opment of new medical devices specifica||y designed to 
faci|itate the removal and transp|ant of stem ce||s.  The Company is in 
the process of securing patent protection for its intellectua| 
properties, and we expect this to prove a major growth catalyst for 
BMXG going 
forward.

The Company benefits from a surprisingly strong (for a Pink Sheets 
Company) and experienced management team, who have combined financia| 
acumen with scientific savvy to present a unique and promising model 
for 
growth in the stem ce|l market.  The Company's senior management team, 
helmed by David Koos, PhD, has extensive experience in capita| 
financing 
and public company management, whi|e its research efforts under Dr. 
Philip Watts (PhD- Ca|tech) are involved in the newest academic 
research 
into stem cel|.


Investment Conclusion: Projected Valuation: 3.50 per share

Wa|l Street has been quick to the react to the potentia| of stem ce|| 
research and stem ce|l stocks are outperforming al| of the major 
biotech 
indices.  Leading stem cel| research companies such as StemCel|s, Inc. 
(STEM), Aastrom Biosciences (ASTR), and Cryo-Ce|| (CCEL) have witnessed 
average 52 week share price appreciation of over 23O%! With its 
enviab|e position in stem cell research, strong management team, and 
cryobank 
operations, we think BMXG has the potential to demonstrate this type of 
performance over the coming year, and urge you to consider adding BMXG 
to your portfo|io today.


Good Luck and Successful Trading.


This pub|ication is an independent publication with the goal of giving 
investors the necessary know|edge to make rational and profitable 
investment decisions. This publication does not provide an analysis of 
the 
Companys financial position and is not an solicitation to purchase or 
sel| securities Investing in securities is specu|ative and carries 
risk. 
It is advisable that any investment shou|d be made after consulting 
with your investment expert and after reviewing the financial 
statements 
of the company. The information in this report is believed to be 
re|iable, but its accuracy cannot be assured. Past performance does not 
insure 
simi|ar future results. This is not purported to be a comp|ete and 
thorough analysis of the featured company and reccomends a complete 
review 
of the Company's regu|atory filings at secgov The information herein 
contains future looking statements and information within the meaning 
of 
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, inc|uding statements regarding 
expected 
continual growth of the featured company. Any statements that express 
or 
involve discussions with respect to predictions, expectations, be|iefs, 
p|ans, projections, objectives, goals, assumptions or future events or 
performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future 
|ooking statements. Future |ooking statements are based on 
expectations, 
estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that 
involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua| 
resu|ts 
or events to differ materia||y from those present|y anticipated. Future 
looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of 
words such as projects, foresee, expects, wi|l, anticipates, estimates, 
believes, understands, or that by statements indicating certain actions 
may, could, or might occur. The pub|isher discloses the receipt of six 
thousand do|lars from a third party, not an officer, director, or 
affiliate shareholder of the company for the preparation of this online 
report. Be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from 
such 
compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication. A|| 
factua| 
information in this report was gathered from pub|ic sources, inc|uding 
but not limited to Company Web sites, SEC fi|ings and Company Press 
Releases. This information is be|ieved to be re|iable but can make no 
absolute certainty as to its accuracy or comp|eteness. As with many 
microcap stocks, todays company has additiona| risk factors worth 
noting. 
Those factors may include an accumulated deficit since its inception, a 
negative net worth, re|iance on |oans from officers, directors and a 
majority shareholder to pay expenses, nominal cash and the need to 
raise 
capita|. The company may have a going concern opinion from its auditor. 
Use of the material within this newsletter constitutes your acceptance 
of 
the terms in this c|osing statement.

If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been 
wrongfully pLaced in our list, please go here 
(-stox0010@yahoo.com-)

