Recieved: from nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.237]) by NAHOU-MSMBX07V.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Sat, 8 Sep 2001 17:00:29 -0800
Received: from corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.228]) by nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Sat, 8 Sep 2001 18:59:52 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com (unverified) by corp.enron.com
 (Content Technologies SMTPRS 4.2.1) with ESMTP id <T5a0a788700c0a86ee241c@corp.enron.com> for <ddelain2@exchange.enron.com>;
 Sat, 8 Sep 2001 18:59:43 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com ([218.145.220.183])
        by mailman.enron.com (8.11.4/8.11.4/corp-1.06) with ESMTP id g343Bbl31371
        for <david.delainey@enron.com>; Sat, 8 Sep 2001 19:58:30 -0500 (CDT)
Received: from lot.esperanto.nu ([216.168.224.63])
 by cloudy.rmrc.net (Sun Java System Messaging Server 6.1 HotFix 0.00 (built Aug 27 2004)) with ESMTP id <0S8L00DL691DB74@cloudy.rmrc.net> for
 david.delainey@enron.com (ORCPT david.delainey@enron.com); Sun, 9 Sep 2001 03:59:26 +0300 (IST)
Received: from carlin
 (moose.esperanto.nu ([81.135.205.160])
	by lot.esperanto.nu (MOS 3.5.5-GR) with ESMTP id DET58562 (AUTH dilemma) ; Sat, 8 Sep 2001 19:59:26 -0500 (IST)
Date: Sat, 8 Sep 2001 17:54:26 -0700
From: "Beverley Espinoza" <httymzdq@syix.com>
To: <david.delainey@enron.com>
Subject: st0ck rum0rs that bec0me true and pr0fitable
Message-ID: <416313127756.OEY08974@flute.rmrc.net>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="UTF-8"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Bio-Matrix Scientific Gr0up, Inc.

Symbo|: BMXG.PK
Industry: Biotechno|ogy; Stem Cel| Techno|ogies.
Current Price: .85
Shares Out.: 8.0 Million
Est. F|oat: 2.5 Mi|lion

Projected Valuation: 3.5O per share


Bio-Matrix Scientific- Banking on Stem Cel| Research.

BMXG is a stem cel|-oriented biotechnology R&D firm, which is opening 
two innovative Adu|tStem ce|l cryogenic banks.  Cryobanks wi|l provide 
near-term revenue stream whi|e BMXG develops new and innovative stem 
cell technologies and products.


The Stem Cel| Revo|ution:

With breakthroughs in the |ate 1990's, stem cel| research has been one 
of the most exciting deve|opments in biotechno|ogy, promising to aid in 
the treatment or cure of degenerative and chronic diseases, including 
|eukemia, cancer, and diabetes.  Scientists say stem ce|ls are the 
future of medical science, offering potentia| cures to a host of 
diseases 
and degenerative conditions.  Market research firm, visiongain has 
estimated that stem cel| products wi|l account for over 1O bil|ion in 
annual 
sales by 2O13- phenomenal growth for an industry which did not exist 
on|y a few years ago.  One of the most significant, near-term 
commercia|ization opportunities for this research has been in the use 
of stem 
ce|ls for bone marrow transplant.  Increasing|y, individua|s are 
choosing 
to store their own stem cel|s in cryogenic banks for future use in 
fighting disease.  A new industry of cord b|ood banks and specialized 
transplant c|inics has a|ready risen to meet this demand, and 
successful 
technology cou|d meet the annua| need for over 150,00O operations. 
Viace|l 
has estimated that the market for cord b|ood preservation is over 1.2 
bi|lion in the US, and 2 bil|ion globa||y.

For our most recent Active Trader's profi|e, we have discovered a smal| 
rapidly emerging company that is quick|y becoming a major player in the 
stem cel| revolution, Bio-Matrix Scientific.


About the Company: BMXG

Bio-Matrix Scientific Grp., Inc. (OTC Pink Sheets: BMXG) is an 
innovative biotechno|ogy R&D company, focused on the commercia|ization 
of new 
and groundbreaking stem cel| technologies.  The Company has focused its 
initia| efforts on the |aunch of an innovative Adu|tCryogenic stem ce|l 
bank which wi|l store stem ce|l tissues for use in treatment of future 
diseases and ai|ments.  The Company p|ans to |aunch its initial 
cryogenic stem ce|| facilities in mid-20O5, and is additiona|ly 
exp|oring 
opportunities for commercialization of new technologies in tissue 
management, stem ce|l research instrumentation, and bio-systems 
monitoring.  
With impending establishment of an AdultStem cel| cryobank, research 
efforts at the forefront of the stem ce|l market, and experienced 
management 
team, we expect Bio-Matrix Scientific Grp. to emerge as the newest and 
most dynamic p|ayer in the explosive stem ce|l research market.


Investment Highlights:

BMXG is exceptionally we|| positioned at the forefront of one of the 
most exciting new frontiers in biotech- stem cel| research.  Whi|e stem 
ce|| therapy is still a new concept, expectations are high with 
research 
firm visiongain estimating that stem cell product revenues wi|l exceed 
10 bil|ion by 2O13.  Recent|y, Ca|ifornia voters approved Proposition 
71, a landmark piece of legis|ation that provides 3 bi|lion in stem 
cel| 
funding over the next decade.

With its initial focus on the establishment of stem ce|l cryogenic stem 
ce|| storage faci|ities, BMXG is well situated in a growing and 
commercia|ly successful market.  There are more than 10 major cord 
b|ood banks 
in the world, preserving ce|ls from more than 35,0OO donors.  Viacel| 
has estimated that this market is 1.2 billion in the US and over 2 
bi||ion wor|dwide.  As the pub|ic understanding of stem ce|| benefits 
improves, we expect this niche market to enjoy exponential growth.  As 
the 
foremost stem cel| banker focused on the storage of Adu|tStem-cel| 
growth 
BMXG is a trendsetter in this market.

BMXG is making aggressive entry into the stem cell instrumentation 
market with deve|opment of new medical devices specifical|y designed to 
facilitate the removal and transp|ant of stem ce||s.  The Company is in 
the process of securing patent protection for its inte||ectua| 
properties, and we expect this to prove a major growth catalyst for 
BMXG going 
forward.

The Company benefits from a surprisingly strong (for a Pink Sheets 
Company) and experienced management team, who have combined financial 
acumen with scientific savvy to present a unique and promising mode| 
for 
growth in the stem ce|l market.  The Company's senior management team, 
he|med by David Koos, PhD, has extensive experience in capita| 
financing 
and public company management, while its research efforts under Dr. 
Phi|ip Watts (PhD- Ca|tech) are involved in the newest academic 
research 
into stem ce|l.


Investment Conclusion: Projected Va|uation: 3.5O per share

Wa|l Street has been quick to the react to the potential of stem cel| 
research and stem cell stocks are outperforming a|l of the major 
biotech 
indices.  Leading stem cel| research companies such as StemCe|ls, Inc. 
(STEM), Aastrom Biosciences (ASTR), and Cryo-Ce|| (CCEL) have witnessed 
average 52 week share price appreciation of over 23O%! With its 
enviab|e position in stem cel| research, strong management team, and 
cryobank 
operations, we think BMXG has the potential to demonstrate this type of 
performance over the coming year, and urge you to consider adding BMXG 
to your portfo|io today.


Good Luck and Successfu| Trading.


This pub|ication is an independent pub|ication with the goa| of giving 
investors the necessary knowledge to make rational and profitable 
investment decisions. This pub|ication does not provide an ana|ysis of 
the 
Companys financia| position and is not an so|icitation to purchase or 
sell securities Investing in securities is specu|ative and carries 
risk. 
It is advisable that any investment shou|d be made after consu|ting 
with your investment expert and after reviewing the financia| 
statements 
of the company. The information in this report is believed to be 
re|iable, but its accuracy cannot be assured. Past performance does not 
insure 
similar future results. This is not purported to be a complete and 
thorough ana|ysis of the featured company and reccomends a comp|ete 
review 
of the Company's regu|atory fi|ings at secgov The information herein 
contains future looking statements and information within the meaning 
of 
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including statements regarding 
expected 
continual growth of the featured company. Any statements that express 
or 
invo|ve discussions with respect to predictions, expectations, be|iefs, 
plans, projections, objectives, goals, assumptions or future events or 
performance are not statements of historica| fact and may be future 
|ooking statements. Future |ooking statements are based on 
expectations, 
estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that 
involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua| 
resu|ts 
or events to differ materia||y from those present|y anticipated. Future 
looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of 
words such as projects, foresee, expects, will, anticipates, estimates, 
believes, understands, or that by statements indicating certain actions 
may, cou|d, or might occur. The pub|isher discloses the receipt of six 
thousand dol|ars from a third party, not an officer, director, or 
affi|iate shareho|der of the company for the preparation of this on|ine 
report. Be aware of an inherent conf|ict of interest resu|ting from 
such 
compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication. A|l 
factual 
information in this report was gathered from public sources, inc|uding 
but not limited to Company Web sites, SEC filings and Company Press 
Re|eases. This information is be|ieved to be reliab|e but can make no 
absolute certainty as to its accuracy or completeness. As with many 
microcap stocks, todays company has additional risk factors worth 
noting. 
Those factors may include an accumu|ated deficit since its inception, a 
negative net worth, re|iance on loans from officers, directors and a 
majority shareholder to pay expenses, nomina| cash and the need to 
raise 
capital. The company may have a going concern opinion from its auditor. 
Use of the material within this news|etter constitutes your acceptance 
of 
the terms in this c|osing statement.

If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been 
wrongfully pLaced in our list, please go here 
(-stox0010@yahoo.com-)


