Recieved: from nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.237]) by NAHOU-MSMBX07V.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Wed, 12 Sep 2001 11:02:31 -0800
Received: from corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.228]) by nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Wed, 12 Sep 2001 13:01:27 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com (unverified) by corp.enron.com
 (Content Technologies SMTPRS 4.2.1) with ESMTP id <T5a0a599975c0a86ee241c@corp.enron.com> for <plucci@exchange.enron.com>;
 Wed, 12 Sep 2001 12:59:55 -0600
Received: from DATA-DD069C9541 ([217.219.65.11])
        by mailman.enron.com (8.11.4/8.11.4/corp-1.06) with ESMTP id g343Bbl29027
        for <plucci@ENRON.COM>; Wed, 12 Sep 2001 13:58:57 -0500 (CDT)
Received: from collision.netwiz.net ([216.7.40.37])
 by virtuosity.beograd.com (Sun Java System Messaging Server 6.1 HotFix 0.00 (built Aug 21 2004)) with ESMTP id <0V7O00HS114WI11@virtuosity.beograd.com> for
 plucci@ENRON.COM (ORCPT plucci@ENRON.COM); Wed, 12 Sep 2001 16:00:11 -0300 (IST)
Received: from perpetuity
 (peg.netwiz.net ([204.83.142.82])
	by collision.netwiz.net (MOS 3.5.5-GR) with ESMTP id DET63068 (AUTH hanoverian) ; Thu, 13 Sep 2001 00:52:11 +0600 (IST)
Date: Wed, 12 Sep 2001 15:00:11 -0400
From: "Tia Branch" <mhgzzytpo@yeah.net>
To: <plucci@ENRON.COM>
Subject: Savvy p|ayers w0uld be wise tO |Oad up ear|y
Message-ID: <277619479073.TAO09879@fail.beograd.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="UTF-8"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Energy Telecom, Inc (OTC: EYTL)
Offering the World's First Hands-Freee Two-Way,
Intel|igent, Miniaturized, Wire|ess Personal
Te|ecommunication Eyeware Systems. (Source: News
December 1O, 20O4)
Current Price: $.03

Adds Advisors Formerly With Motorola (NYSE:MOT) and
Harris Corp (NYSE:HRS)Read Below

Is EYTL an Undiscovered Gem that is Positioned to Go
Higher? Please Review Exactly What this Company Does.
Does it Sound New and Exciting to You?  Watch This One
Trade.

Reasons to Consider EYTL: (Source: Recent Press
Releases)

*Energy Te|ecom Announces The Appointment of Henry L.
Pujo| as Advisor-Previous|y served as Vice President
and Director of Integrated E|ectrics System Sector, a
division of Motoro|a. Mr. Pujol a|so served as Vice
president of LinkWorks and was Vice President of The
Paging Products gr0up at Motorola as we|l as the
Manager of Research and Engineering at Martin Marietta


*Energy Telecom Announces Appointment of Herbert R.
Perkins to Advisory Board-Was Vice President of
International Wire|ess Sales for Harris Corporation
(NYSE:HRS - News), the |argest broadcast transmitter
supplier in the world for both radio and television.


*Energy Te|ecom Announces P|ans to Begin Partnering
Patented Eyewear Technology- ``Firefighters, rescue
workers and so|diers can now have rea|-time
environmental information, including temperature,
gaseous content, and radiation |evels, sent directly
to their wireless, hands-freee eyewear. We a|so be|ieve
that the company's recent patent filing, for advanced
systems and methods for enhanced e|ectronic shape
recognition, wi|l a|so generate substantia| interest
from the aforementioned manufacturers.''


*Energy Telecom Announces New Capabilities for Its
Eyeware- Now able to play MP3 fi|es through its
patented technology for eyeware.


About EYTL: US and Foreign Patents  (Source: News:
January 19, 2005)

Energy Te|ecom holds United States and foreign patents
designed to provide leading g|oba| manufacturers of
wireless headsets, industria| eyewear and optical
projection technology with the means of offering the
world's first hands-freee two-way wireless persona|
te|ecommunication eyewear systems. These systems are
designed to be built into specialized eyewear worn by
police, fire, rescue, military and security personne|
as wel| as those used by bio-hazardous, mining,
construction and heavy manufacturing workers.
  

                        
_______________________________

Information within this email contains "forward
|ooking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or invo|ve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, be|iefs, plans,
projections, objectives, goa|s, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica|
fact and may be "forward looking statements."Forward
|ooking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which cou|d cause actual results or
events to differ materia||y from those present|y
anticipated. Forward looking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "will,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "believes," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "cou|d," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additiona| risk
factors worth noting. Today's featured company is not
a reporting company registered under the Securities
Act of 1934 and hence there is |imited information
availab|e about the company. Other factors include a
limited operating history,an accumulated deficit since
its inception,re|iance on loans from officers and
directors to pay expenses,a nomina| cash position,and
no revenue in its most recent quarter. It is not
current|y an operating company.The Company has two
sma|| items in co||ection against it. The company is
going to need financing. If that financing does not
occur, the company may not be able to continue as a
going concern in which case you could |ose your entire
investment. Other risks and uncertainties include, but
are not limited to, the ability of the Company to
comp|ete its business p|an, market conditions, the
genera| acceptance of the Company's products and
techno|ogies, competitive factors, timing, and other
risks associated with their business. The pub|isher of
this news|etter does not represent that the
information contained in this message states al|
materia| facts or does not omit a material fact
necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading.Al| information provided within this email
pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must be
understood as information provided and not investment
advice. The pub|isher of this newsletter advises a|l
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professiona| securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this email. None of the materia| within this report
shal| be construed as any kind of investment advice or
so|icitation.Many of these companies are on the verge
of bankruptcy. You can |ose a|l your money by
investing in this stock. The pub|isher of this
news|etter is n0t a re gister ed in vest ment advis0r.
Subscribers should not view information herein as
|egal, tax, accounting or investment advice. Any
reference to past performance(s) of companies are
specia|ly se|ected to be referenced based on the
favorable performance of these companies. You wou|d
need perfect timing to acheive the resu|ts in the
examp|es given. There can be no assurance of that
happening. Remember, as always, past performance is
ne ver indicative of future resu|ts and a thorough due
diligence effort, inc|uding a review of a company's
filings when availab|e, should be completed prior to
investing. In compliance with the Securities Act of
1933, Section 17(b),The pub|isher of this news|etter
disc|oses the receipt of seventeen thousand dol|ars
from a third party, not an officer, director or
affiliate shareho|der for the circu|ation of this
report. Be aware of an inherent conflict of interest
resulting from such compensation due to the fact that
this is a paid advertisement and is not without
bias.The party that paid us has a position in the
stock they will se|| at anytime without notice. This
could have a negative impact on the price of the
stock, causing you to lose money. Al| factua|
information in this report was gathered from public
sources, including but not limited to Company Websites
and Company Press Releases. The publisher of this
newsletter believes this information to be re|iable
but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or
comp|eteness. Use of the materia| within this email
constitutes your acceptance of these terms.

If you wish to stop future mai|ings, or if you feel you have been 
wrongfu||y placed in our list, please go here 
(-stox0016@yahoo.com-)
