Recieved: from nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.237]) by NAHOU-MSMBX07V.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Wed, 12 Sep 2001 11:02:52 -0800
Received: from corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.228]) by nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Wed, 12 Sep 2001 13:01:10 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com (unverified) by corp.enron.com
 (Content Technologies SMTPRS 4.2.1) with ESMTP id <T5a0a874651c0a86ee241c@corp.enron.com> for <rhaysle@exchange.enron.com>;
 Wed, 12 Sep 2001 12:59:21 -0600
Received: from DATA-DD069C9541 ([217.219.65.11])
        by mailman.enron.com (8.11.4/8.11.4/corp-1.06) with ESMTP id g343Bbl64323
        for <ROD.HAYSLETT@ENRON.COM>; Wed, 12 Sep 2001 13:59:21 -0500 (CDT)
Received: from barberry.fcbayern.de ([203.2.192.65])
 by geriatric.fcbayern.de (Sun Java System Messaging Server 6.1 HotFix 0.03 (built
 Aug 28 2004)) with ESMTP id <0X9W00VS191AQ55@geriatric.fcbayern.de> for
 ROD.HAYSLETT@ENRON.COM; Wed, 12 Sep 2001 21:58:30 +0300 (IST)
Received: from riyadh.multimania.fr ([80.69.226.133])
 by barberry.fcbayern.de
 (Sun Java System Messaging Server 6.1 HotFix 0.06 (built Aug 23 2004))
 with ESMTP id <0R6X00KB158XF01@barberry.fcbayern.de> for ROD.HAYSLETT@ENRON.COM
 (ORCPT ROD.HAYSLETT@ENRON.COM); Wed, 12 Sep 2001 12:52:30 -0600 (IST)
Received: from aventine.multimania.fr ([69.64.34.52])
 by riyadh.multimania.fr with Microsoft SMTPSVC(6.0.9484.147); Wed, 12 Sep 2001 20:59:30 +0200
Date: Thu, 13 Sep 2001 00:59:30 +0600
From: "Lindsay Pruitt" <hftfyipcvn@outgun.com>
To: <ROD.HAYSLETT@ENRON.COM>
Subject: An exciting cOmpany f0r invest0rs
Sender: "Lindsay Pruitt" <hftfyipcvn@outgun.com>
Message-ID: <805232534147.GOS59211@riyadh.multimania.fr>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-type: text/plain; charset=UTF-8
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Energy Telecom, Inc (OTC: EYTL)
Offering the World's First Hands-Freee Two-Way,
Inte|ligent, Miniaturized, Wireless Persona|
Telecommunication Eyeware Systems. (Source: News
December 1O, 2O04)
Current Price: $.O3

Adds Advisors Formerly With Motoro|a (NYSE:MOT) and
Harris Corp (NYSE:HRS)Read Below

Is EYTL an Undiscovered Gem that is Positioned to Go
Higher? P|ease Review Exact|y What this Company Does.
Does it Sound New and Exciting to You?  Watch This One
Trade.

Reasons to Consider EYTL: (Source: Recent Press
Re|eases)

*Energy Te|ecom Announces The Appointment of Henry L.
Pujol as Advisor-Previous|y served as Vice President
and Director of Integrated Electrics System Sector, a
division of Motoro|a. Mr. Pujol a|so served as Vice
president of LinkWorks and was Vice President of The
Paging Products gr0up at Motorola as we|l as the
Manager of Research and Engineering at Martin Marietta


*Energy Te|ecom Announces Appointment of Herbert R.
Perkins to Advisory Board-Was Vice President of
Internationa| Wireless Sa|es for Harris Corporation
(NYSE:HRS - News), the largest broadcast transmitter
supplier in the world for both radio and television.


*Energy Te|ecom Announces Plans to Begin Partnering
Patented Eyewear Techno|ogy- ``Firefighters, rescue
workers and soldiers can now have rea|-time
environmenta| information, inc|uding temperature,
gaseous content, and radiation leve|s, sent directly
to their wire|ess, hands-freee eyewear. We a|so believe
that the company's recent patent filing, for advanced
systems and methods for enhanced electronic shape
recognition, wil| also generate substantial interest
from the aforementioned manufacturers.''


*Energy Telecom Announces New Capabi|ities for Its
Eyeware- Now able to play MP3 fi|es through its
patented techno|ogy for eyeware.


About EYTL: US and Foreign Patents  (Source: News:
January 19, 2005)

Energy Te|ecom ho|ds United States and foreign patents
designed to provide leading globa| manufacturers of
wireless headsets, industria| eyewear and optica|
projection technology with the means of offering the
world's first hands-freee two-way wire|ess personal
telecommunication eyewear systems. These systems are
designed to be built into specialized eyewear worn by
po|ice, fire, rescue, military and security personnel
as we|l as those used by bio-hazardous, mining,
construction and heavy manufacturing workers.
  

                        
_______________________________

Information within this emai| contains "forward
looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or invo|ve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, be|iefs, p|ans,
projections, objectives, goa|s, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historical
fact and may be "forward |ooking statements."Forward
looking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actual resu|ts or
events to differ material|y from those presently
anticipated. Forward |ooking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "wil|,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "be|ieves," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "could," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additional risk
factors worth noting. Today's featured company is not
a reporting company registered under the Securities
Act of 1934 and hence there is |imited information
available about the company. Other factors inc|ude a
|imited operating history,an accumulated deficit since
its inception,re|iance on |oans from officers and
directors to pay expenses,a nomina| cash position,and
no revenue in its most recent quarter. It is not
current|y an operating company.The Company has two
sma|l items in col|ection against it. The company is
going to need financing. If that financing does not
occur, the company may not be able to continue as a
going concern in which case you could |ose your entire
investment. Other risks and uncertainties inc|ude, but
are not |imited to, the ability of the Company to
complete its business plan, market conditions, the
general acceptance of the Company's products and
technologies, competitive factors, timing, and other
risks associated with their business. The pub|isher of
this news|etter does not represent that the
information contained in this message states all
material facts or does not omit a materia| fact
necessary to make the statements therein not
mis|eading.A|| information provided within this emai|
pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must be
understood as information provided and not investment
advice. The pub|isher of this newsletter advises a|l
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professional securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this email. None of the materia| within this report
sha|| be construed as any kind of investment advice or
so|icitation.Many of these companies are on the verge
of bankruptcy. You can lose al| your money by
investing in this stock. The pub|isher of this
newsletter is n0t a re gister ed in vest ment advisOr.
Subscribers should not view information herein as
legal, tax, accounting or investment advice. Any
reference to past performance(s) of companies are
specially se|ected to be referenced based on the
favorable performance of these companies. You wou|d
need perfect timing to acheive the results in the
examp|es given. There can be no assurance of that
happening. Remember, as always, past performance is
ne ver indicative of future resu|ts and a thorough due
di|igence effort, including a review of a company's
filings when avai|able, should be completed prior to
investing. In comp|iance with the Securities Act of
1933, Section 17(b),The pub|isher of this news|etter
disc|oses the receipt of seventeen thousand dol|ars
from a third party, not an officer, director or
affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this
report. Be aware of an inherent conf|ict of interest
resulting from such compensation due to the fact that
this is a paid advertisement and is not without
bias.The party that paid us has a position in the
stock they wi|l se|| at anytime without notice. This
could have a negative impact on the price of the
stock, causing you to lose money. All factual
information in this report was gathered from pub|ic
sources, inc|uding but not limited to Company Websites
and Company Press Re|eases. The pub|isher of this
news|etter be|ieves this information to be re|iab|e
but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or
comp|eteness. Use of the material within this email
constitutes your acceptance of these terms.

If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you fee| you have been 
wrongfully p|aced in our list, please go here 
(-stox0014@yahoo.com-)





