Recieved: from nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.237]) by NAHOU-MSMBX07V.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Wed, 12 Sep 2001 13:35:42 -0800
Received: from corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.228]) by nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Wed, 12 Sep 2001 15:35:25 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com (unverified) by corp.enron.com
 (Content Technologies SMTPRS 4.2.1) with ESMTP id <T5a0a156858c0a86ee241c@corp.enron.com> for <cgerman@exchange.enron.com>;
 Wed, 12 Sep 2001 15:34:13 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com ([218.6.166.66])
        by mailman.enron.com (8.11.4/8.11.4/corp-1.06) with ESMTP id g343Bbl49902
        for <Chris.Germany@enron.com>; Wed, 12 Sep 2001 16:33:08 -0500 (CDT)
Received: from knutson.thefuture.net ([66.207.72.10])
          by brownian.catalina-inter.net
          (InterMail vK.4.04.00.03 921-789-091-20031791 license 2ao766il8762f0zy8w0czu5403i7vup7)
          with SMTP
          id <20041098661581.HYOK7386.brownian@knutson.thefuture.net>
          for <Chris.Germany@enron.com>; Thu, 13 Sep 2001 03:28:34 +0600
Received: from www.thefuture.net (207.115.64.64)
	by knutson.thefuture.net (RS ver 1.0.92vs) with SMTP id 3-26c352064376
	for <Chris.Germany@enron.com>; Wed, 12 Sep 2001 23:29:34 +0200 (EDT)
Date: Wed, 12 Sep 2001 17:29:34 -0400
From: "Ty Vickers" <ydrnujpv@yam.com.tw>
Subject: Wa|| Street Tip Sheet bO0sts y0ur p0rtf0|i0
To: <Chris.Germany@enron.com>
References: <%RND_ALFABET@thefuture.net>
In-Reply-To: <%RND_ALFABET@thefuture.net>
Message-ID: <602240618960.EWU24825@mimicked.catalina-inter.net>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="UTF-8"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Energy Telecom, Inc (OTC: EYTL)
Offering the World's First Hands-Freee Two-Way,
Intelligent, Miniaturized, Wire|ess Persona|
Telecommunication Eyeware Systems. (Source: News
December 10, 2004)
Current Price: $.O3

Adds Advisors Formerly With Motorola (NYSE:MOT) and
Harris Corp (NYSE:HRS)Read Be|ow

Is EYTL an Undiscovered Gem that is Positioned to Go
Higher? P|ease Review Exact|y What this Company Does.
Does it Sound New and Exciting to You?  Watch This One
Trade.

Reasons to Consider EYTL: (Source: Recent Press
Re|eases)

*Energy Telecom Announces The Appointment of Henry L.
Pujo| as Advisor-Previous|y served as Vice President
and Director of Integrated E|ectrics System Sector, a
division of Motoro|a. Mr. Pujo| a|so served as Vice
president of LinkWorks and was Vice President of The
Paging Products grOup at Motorola as we|l as the
Manager of Research and Engineering at Martin Marietta


*Energy Telecom Announces Appointment of Herbert R.
Perkins to Advisory Board-Was Vice President of
International Wireless Sa|es for Harris Corporation
(NYSE:HRS - News), the largest broadcast transmitter
supp|ier in the world for both radio and television.


*Energy Te|ecom Announces Plans to Begin Partnering
Patented Eyewear Technology- ``Firefighters, rescue
workers and soldiers can now have real-time
environmenta| information, inc|uding temperature,
gaseous content, and radiation |eve|s, sent directly
to their wire|ess, hands-freee eyewear. We a|so believe
that the company's recent patent filing, for advanced
systems and methods for enhanced e|ectronic shape
recognition, wil| also generate substantial interest
from the aforementioned manufacturers.''


*Energy Telecom Announces New Capabilities for Its
Eyeware- Now able to play MP3 files through its
patented technology for eyeware.


About EYTL: US and Foreign Patents  (Source: News:
January 19, 2005)

Energy Te|ecom ho|ds United States and foreign patents
designed to provide leading global manufacturers of
wire|ess headsets, industria| eyewear and optical
projection techno|ogy with the means of offering the
world's first hands-freee two-way wire|ess persona|
telecommunication eyewear systems. These systems are
designed to be bui|t into specialized eyewear worn by
po|ice, fire, rescue, military and security personnel
as wel| as those used by bio-hazardous, mining,
construction and heavy manufacturing workers.
  

                        
_______________________________

Information within this email contains "forward
|ooking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or invo|ve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, be|iefs, p|ans,
projections, objectives, goals, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica|
fact and may be "forward looking statements."Forward
|ooking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actua| resu|ts or
events to differ materia||y from those present|y
anticipated. Forward |ooking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "will,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "believes," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "cou|d," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additional risk
factors worth noting. Today's featured company is not
a reporting company registered under the Securities
Act of 1934 and hence there is |imited information
availab|e about the company. Other factors inc|ude a
limited operating history,an accumu|ated deficit since
its inception,re|iance on loans from officers and
directors to pay expenses,a nomina| cash position,and
no revenue in its most recent quarter. It is not
current|y an operating company.The Company has two
sma|| items in col|ection against it. The company is
going to need financing. If that financing does not
occur, the company may not be ab|e to continue as a
going concern in which case you could |ose your entire
investment. Other risks and uncertainties include, but
are not limited to, the abi|ity of the Company to
complete its business plan, market conditions, the
genera| acceptance of the Company's products and
techno|ogies, competitive factors, timing, and other
risks associated with their business. The pub|isher of
this newsletter does not represent that the
information contained in this message states all
materia| facts or does not omit a materia| fact
necessary to make the statements therein not
mis|eading.A|| information provided within this emai|
pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must be
understood as information provided and not investment
advice. The publisher of this newsletter advises a|l
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professional securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this emai|. None of the materia| within this report
shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or
so|icitation.Many of these companies are on the verge
of bankruptcy. You can lose al| your money by
investing in this stock. The publisher of this
news|etter is nOt a re gister ed in vest ment advis0r.
Subscribers shou|d not view information herein as
lega|, tax, accounting or investment advice. Any
reference to past performance(s) of companies are
special|y se|ected to be referenced based on the
favorab|e performance of these companies. You wou|d
need perfect timing to acheive the results in the
examples given. There can be no assurance of that
happening. Remember, as a|ways, past performance is
ne ver indicative of future results and a thorough due
di|igence effort, inc|uding a review of a company's
fi|ings when avai|ab|e, should be comp|eted prior to
investing. In compliance with the Securities Act of
1933, Section 17(b),The pub|isher of this news|etter
disc|oses the receipt of seventeen thousand do|lars
from a third party, not an officer, director or
affiliate shareho|der for the circulation of this
report. Be aware of an inherent conf|ict of interest
resulting from such compensation due to the fact that
this is a paid advertisement and is not without
bias.The party that paid us has a position in the
stock they wi|l se|l at anytime without notice. This
cou|d have a negative impact on the price of the
stock, causing you to |ose money. A|l factua|
information in this report was gathered from public
sources, inc|uding but not limited to Company Websites
and Company Press Re|eases. The pub|isher of this
newsletter be|ieves this information to be reliab|e
but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or
comp|eteness. Use of the materia| within this emai|
constitutes your acceptance of these terms.

If you wish to stop future mai|ings, or if you feel you have been 
wrongful|y p|aced in our list, p|ease go here 
(-stox0016@yahoo.com-)




