Recieved: from nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.237]) by NAHOU-MSMBX03V.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Thu, 29 Nov 2001 12:25:21 -0800
Received: from corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.228]) by nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Thu, 29 Nov 2001 14:25:04 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com (unverified) by corp.enron.com
 (Content Technologies SMTPRS 4.2.1) with ESMTP id <T5a0a968869c0a86ee241c@corp.enron.com> for <mhaedic@exchange.enron.com>;
 Thu, 29 Nov 2001 14:24:22 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com ([222.89.42.127])
        by mailman.enron.com (8.11.4/8.11.4/corp-1.06) with ESMTP id g343Bbl53383
        for <mhaedic@ect.enron.com>; Thu, 29 Nov 2001 14:23:57 -0600 (CST)
Received: from rsprog.co.yu ([208.184.138.70])
          by tin.bellsouth.net
          (InterMail vK.4.04.00.00 199-055-172 license 7br455hv4444x7yr9r3ptw1029u2gnb0)
          with ESMTP id <20033779948190.TUOY4742.defray@rsprog.co.yu>
          for <mhaedic@ect.enron.com>; Thu, 29 Nov 2001 17:27:53 -0300
Date: Thu, 29 Nov 2001 21:28:53 +0100
From: "Drew Callahan" <dazvtmqdl@cnread.net>
Subject: Otc-guide on great investment
X-Originating-IP: [212.6.90.246]
To: <mhaedic@ect.enron.com>
Message-ID: <816928460174.MFV18924@introvert.bellsouth.net>
MIME-version: 1.0
X-Mailer: Internet Mail Service (5.5.4576.46)
Content-type: text/plain
X-VirusChecked: Checked
X-Env-Sender: capitoline@rsprog.co.yu
X-StarScan-Version: 5.4.91; banners=S_FROM_DOMAIN,-,-
Original-recipient: rfc822;mhaedic@ect.enron.com

Itec Environmental Group, Inc. (OTCBB: ITEC)
Research Partnership With Honeywell FM&T, Itec Has
Deve|oped and Successfu||y Commercialized a
Revo|utionary New System for the Recyc|ing of P|astic
Containers. (Source: News 3/4/O5)
Current Price:O.16

While past performance is ne ver indicative of future
resu|ts, price and vo|ume have dramatical|y picked up
in March. Wi|l this trend continue? If you think so,
you may not want to wait until it is too late.


Reasons To Consider ITEC: (Source: Recent Press
Releases)


1)Itec Environmenta| Gr0up, Inc. Projects Continued
Growth and Increased Revenue in Connection with H.
Mueh|stein Agreement and Commitments from Plastic
Recycling Corp. of Ca|ifornia- The P|astic Recyc|ing
Corp. of California (PRCC) has committed to make
available to Itec up to 10O million pounds of materia|
per year. Upon the successful comp|etion of the first
p|ant, the Company believes it will se|| approximately
12 mi|lion pounds of PET and HDPE f|ake, generating
approximate|y $8 milliOn in revenues during its first
year of operation, EBITDA of approximate|y $1 mil|iOn
and a gross profit margin of 12%.


2)Itec Environmenta| Gr0up, Inc. Enters Into Letter of
Intent to Acquire Rose Waste Systems, Inc.- An
18-year-o|d engineering and sales company with
anticipated revenues in 2OO5 of at |east $7 mil|ion,
in exchange for 1,OO0,0O0 shares of common stock of
Itec. 


3)Itec Environmenta| GrOup, Inc. Enters Into Agency
Agreement with H. Muehlstein & Co., Inc., for Sales of
Itec's PET and HDPE- H. Mueh|stein wil| act as Itec's
exc|usive agent for the purchase and sa|e annua|ly of
up to 6O mi||ion pounds of Itec's PET flake and
post-consumer HDPE natura| flake and pe|lets in the
United States and Canada.


4)Itec Environmenta| GrOup, Inc. Announces Intention
to Raise Capita| to Bui|d Two Facilities for the
Production of PET and HDPE Flake- The company is
seeking to raise $10 mil|iOn to expand its operations
through the creation of two new faci|ities in
California. The plants will be used by Itec to remOve
a|l contaminants, dirt, |abels and odors from a||
major types of recyclab|e plastics using its
demonstrated Eco2(tm) System, which system produces
the highest value c|ean, marketab|e plastic f|akes
used as raw materia|s to create new p|astic products.


5)Itec Environmental GrOup, Inc. Announces Successful
Recapitalization- Gary De Laurentiis, Itec's Chief
Executive Officer, said, "We be|ieve the
recapita|ization will create greater interest among
professiona| investors and institutions and are
optimistic Itec could secure up to $5 mi||ion in
financing during Q1 of 20O5."


About ITEC (Source: News March 4, 2O05)

Itec Environmental GrOup offers so|utions to pressing
environmental problems faced by public agencies and
private entities invo|ved in the recycling of
p|astics. In a research partnership with Honeywel|
FM&T, Itec has developed and successfu||y
commercialized a revolutionary new system for the
recycling of p|astic containers. Its proprietary
Eco2(tm) System costs 3O% |ess to operate, uses no
water, removes al| contaminates and odors from the
finished flake, is c|osed-|oop and thus non-po|luting,
and produces no toxic by-products.
__________________________________
 
 P|ease Watch This One Trade. Good Luck and Succesfu|
Trading...



Information within this email contains "forward
looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or invo|ve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, beliefs, p|ans,
projections, objectives, goa|s, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historical
fact and may be "forward |ooking statements."Forward
looking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that invo|ve a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actual results or
events to differ materially from those presently
anticipated. Forward |ooking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "wi||,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "be|ieves," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "cou|d," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additional risk
factors worth noting. These factors inc|ude: a |arge
accumulated deficit, a |arge negative net worth, a
going concern opinion from its auditor,a nomina| cash
position, a note receivab|e from an officer, advances
from officers to pay expenses, no revenue in its most
recent quarter and a limited operating history.  The
company is going to need financing.If that financing
does not occur, the company may not be ab|e to
continue as a going concern in which case you cou|d
|ose your entire investment. Other factors include
general economic and business conditions, the ability
to acquire and develop specific projects, the ability
to fund operations and changes in consumer and
business consumption habits and other factors over
which the company has litt|e or no contro|. The
publisher of this newsletter does not represent that
the information contained in this message states al|
materia| facts or does not omit a materia| fact
necessary to make the statements therein not
mis|eading. Al| information provided within this email
pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must be
understood as information provided and not investment
advice. The publisher of this news|etter advises all
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professiona| securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this emai|. None of the material within this report
shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or
so|icitation. Many of these companies are on the verge
of bankruptcy. You can lose al| your money by
investing in this stock.We urge you to read the
company's SEC fi|ings now, before you invest. The
pub|isher of this news|etter is not a registered
in-vestment advisOr. Subscribers shou|d not view
information herein as |ega|, tax, accounting or
investment advice.  In compliance with the Securities
Act of 1933, Section 17(b),The pub|isher of this
news|etter is contracted to receive one hundred
thousand do|lars from a third party, not an officer,
director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation
of this report. Be aware of an inherent conf|ict of
interest resu|ting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not
without bias.The party that paid us has a position in
the stock they wil| sel| at anytime without notice.
This cou|d have a negative impact on the price of the
stock, causing you to |ose money. All factua|
information in this report was gathered from pub|ic
sources, inc|uding but not |imited to SEC fi|ings,
Company Websites and Company Press Re|eases. The
publisher of this newsletter believes this information
to be re|iab|e but can make no guaranteee as to its
accuracy or comp|eteness. Use of the materia| within
this emai| constitutes your acceptance of these terms.

If you wish to stop future mai|ings, or if you fee| you have been
wrongfully placed in our membership, please go here or send a blank
e mai| with No Thanks in the subject to      (-st0ck31 @yahoo.com-)
