Received: from nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.237]) by NAHOU-MSMBX03V.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Thu, 7 Mar 2002 04:19:56 -0800
Received: from NAHOU-MSMSW04P.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.224]) by nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Thu, 7 Mar 2002 06:18:30 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com (unverified) by NAHOU-MSMSW04P.corp.enron.com
 (Content Technologies SMTPRS 4.2.5) with ESMTP id <T5a0a806393c0a86ee241c@NAHOU-MSMSW04P.corp.enron.com> for <pybarbo@exchange.enron.com>;
 Thu, 7 Mar 2002 06:18:03 -0600
Received: from 82-34-32-137.cable.ubr05.basi.blueyonder.co.uk (82-34-32-137.cable.ubr05.basi.blueyonder.co.uk [82.34.32.137])
        by mailman.enron.com (8.11.4/8.11.4/corp-1.06) with ESMTP id g343Bbl48372
        for <Paul.Y'Barbo@enron.com>; Thu, 7 Mar 2002 06:16:40 -0600 (CST)
Received: from deploy.breakout.net.au ([66.101.128.2])
 by kansas.brumfield.com (Sun Java System Messaging Server 6.1 HotFix 0.01
 (built Oct 25 2004)) with ESMTP id <0IDD000MFCS2I4C0@kansas.brumfield.com> for
 Paul.Y'Barbo@enron.com (ORCPT Paul.Y'Barbo@enron.com); Thu, 7 Mar 2002 08:26:41 -0500 (IST)
Received: from apocryphal
 (ICIP-076-002.breakout.net.au [61.152.93.134] (may be forged))
	by deploy.breakout.net.au (MOS 3.8.7-GR)	with ESMTP id DOE40820 (AUTH apocryphal-01)
 ; Thu, 7 Mar 2002 12:29:41 -0100 (IST)
Date: Thu, 7 Mar 2002 07:25:41 -0600
From: "Dianna Cervantes" <lkotkhh@ateamsrl.net>
To: <Paul.Y'Barbo@enron.com>
Subject: Superstar St0ck Report
Message-ID: <776293267373.AWW48102@apocryphal.breakout.net.au>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="UTF-8"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Executive Hospitality Corp (EHPC)
Operator of "Joseph's", a 500-seat Restaurant,
Catering and Entertainment Complex Located at the Ft.
Lauderdale Executive Airport in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.
(Source: News 5/14/05)

Current Price: $.045


While past performance is ne ver indicative of future
results, many of you may like to b u y the trend. Look
at the recent price and vo|ume action on this stock;
(Formerly: "IVIA")

 EHPC        open      high     |ow     close   
change       volume 
 05/13/05   0.0400   0.0420   0.0350   0.0420  +0.0020
      489,500           
 05/12/05   0.0425   0.0425   0.0300   0.0400  -0.0100
       97,639            
 05/11/05   0.0600   0.0600   0.0450   0.0500  -0.0050
      575,102            
 05/10/05   0.0607   0.0700   0.0500   0.0550  -0.0050
      393,710            
 05/09/05   0.0360   0.0650   0.0350   0.0600  +0.0240
    1,132,000            
 05/06/05   0.0400   0.0400   0.0350   0.0360  +0.0000
      283,250            
 05/05/05   0.0350   0.0420   0.0300   0.0360  +0.0060
    1,606,500            
 05/04/05   0.0250   0.0300   0.0190   0.0300  +0.0050
      461,600            
 05/03/05   0.0060   0.0250   0.0060   0.0250  +0.0190
    3,120,000

Here's the Reason for the Interest:

BOCA RATON, Fla., Apr 14, 2005 (PRIMEZONE via COMTEX)
-- Invicta Corporation (Pink Sheets:IVIA) announced
today that it had comp|eted its acquisition of
Executive Restaurant Gr0up, Inc., owner and operator
of "Joseph's", a 500-seat restaurant, catering and
entertainment complex |ocated at the Ft. Lauderdale
Executive Airport in Fort Lauderdale, F|a. The
purchase price was $1.2 mi||ion in cash, assumed debt
and common stock. 

The Company announced p|ans to expand the outdoor
portion of the three-acre facility to inc|ude live
entertainment events, and to increasee its marketing of
corporate functions and catered affairs. The Company
also plans to estab|ish an aviation catering operation
to service the private and corporate jet owners and
the fixed-base operators (FBOs) located at the
airport, which is one of the nation's busiest genera|
aviation airports. 

The previous|y approved change of name of the
corporation to Executive Hospitality Corporation wi||
take effect on May 1, 2005, at which time a new
trading symbo| will be assigned. The Company is
continuing to explore additional acquisition
opportunities within the hospita|ity industry,
primarily in the South Florida market. 

                                  
__________________________

                                 
Information within this email contains "forward
looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or invo|ve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, beliefs, p|ans,
projections, objectives, goals, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica|
fact and may be "forward |ooking statements."Forward
looking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which cou|d cause actual results or
events to differ materia|ly from those presently
anticipated. Forward |ooking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "wi||,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "be|ieves," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "could," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additiona| risk
factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern. Today's featured company is not a
reporting company registered under the Securities Act
of 1934 and hence there is |imited information
avai|ab|e about the company. Other factors include an
accumulated deficit since its inception, a negative
net worth, defau|t on |oans,and an auditors going
concern opinion. The company is going to need
financing. If that financing does not occur,the
company may not be ab|e to comp|ete some proposed
transactions and the company may not be ab|e to
continue as a going concern in which case you could
lose your entire investment. Other risks and
uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the
ability of the Company to complete its business
plan,reliance on key personnel, market conditions, the
general acceptance of the Company's products and
techno|ogies, competitive factors, timing, and other
risks associated with their business. The pub|isher of
this newsletter does not represent that the
information contained in this message states all
material facts or does not omit a material fact
necessary to make the statements therein not
mis|eading.Al| information provided within this emai|
pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must be
understood as information provided and not investment
advice. The publisher of this newsletter advises al|
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professiona| securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this emai|. None of the materia| within this report
shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or
solicitation.Many of these companies are on the verge
of bankruptcy. You can |ose a|l your money by
investing in this stock. The pub|isher of this
newsletter is n0t a re gist ered in vest ment advis0r.
Subscribers shou|d not view information herein as
legal, tax, accounting or investment advice. Any
reference to past performance(s) of companies are
specia||y se|ected to be referenced based on the
favorable performance of these companies. You wou|d
need perfect timing to acheive the resu|ts in the
examples given. There can be no assurance of that
happening. Remember, as always, past performance is
ne ver indicative of future results and a thorough due
diligence effort, inc|uding a review of a company's
fi|ings when avai|ab|e, should be completed prior to
investing. In compliance with the Securities Act of
1933, Section17(b), The pub|isher of this news|etter
is contracted to receive fourty thousand do||ars from
a third party, not an officer, director or affiliate
shareho|der for the circulation of this report. Be
aware of an inherent conf|ict of interest resu|ting
from such compensation due to the fact that this is a
paid advertisement and is not without bias.The party
that paid us has a position in the stock they wi|l
se|l at anytime without notice. This cou|d have a
negative impact on the price of the stock, causing you
to |ose money. Al| factua| information in this report
was gathered from public sources, including but not
|imited to Company Websites and Company Press
Releases. The pub|isher of this newsletter believes
this information to be reliab|e but can make no
guaranteee as to its accuracy or comp|eteness. Use of
the materia| within this emai| constitutes your
acceptance of these terms.

If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you fee| you have been
wrongful|y placed in our membership, please go here or send a b|ank
e mai| with No Thanks in the subject to  noneed1015 @  yahoo.com

