Recieved: from nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.237]) by NAHOU-MSMBX01V with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.1600);
	 Mon, 23 Jul 2001 15:22:26 -0800
Received: from corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.224]) by nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.1600);
	 Mon, 23 Jul 2001 17:20:49 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com (unverified) by corp.enron.com
 (Content Technologies SMTPRS 4.2.1) with ESMTP id <T5a0a536921c0a86ee241c@corp.enron.com> for <scorman@exchange.enron.com>;
 Mon, 23 Jul 2001 17:19:54 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com ([220.76.188.70])
        by mailman.enron.com (8.11.4/8.11.4/corp-1.06) with ESMTP id g343Bbl49938
        for <Shelley.Corman@ENRON.com>; Mon, 23 Jul 2001 18:19:01 -0500 (CDT)
Received: from free.fr ([236.0.48.174])
          by homecome.freewebe.com
          (InterMail vK.4.04.00.00 989-128-818 license 1mc262fb8414s4ve1l0kba1969l0feh2)
          with ESMTP id <20031521375365.PPID2328.charismatic@free.fr>
          for <Shelley.Corman@ENRON.com>; Tue, 24 Jul 2001 03:15:30 +0400
Date: Mon, 23 Jul 2001 18:15:30 -0500
From: "Latonya Keene" <zozbipjutjsle@forum.dk>
To: <Shelley.Corman@ENRON.com>
Subject: Intrepid Investor Report
Message-ID: <295632540146.FKN12110@phalanger.freewebe.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="UTF-8"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Sheridan,

Emerson Oil and Gas, Inc. (OTC-E O G I)
Domestic Oil and Gas Stock Under Accumulation?
Volume Last Month: Over 7.3 Million Shares Traded
Friday's Close: $.125


Watch This Stock Monday! A Large promotional Campaign
is Underway This Weekend. Some of These Little Oil and
Gas Stocks Have Been Really Moving Lately. And When
Some of them Move, They Really Go...Gains of 100%,
200% or More Are Not Unheard Of. U-C-P-I and X-C-H-C are Two
Examples..

 


Reasons To Consider (E O G I):

*Emerson Oil & Gas holds a 50% working interest in the
W.T. Davis well and lands within Township 23 North and
Range 13 West of Bossier Parish, Louisiana. The net
revenue interest of the lease is 75%. The W.T. Davis
Well is located in the Arkana Field and initially
produced from the Haynesville Formation of the Cotton
Valley Series. With the worldwide focus on energy
needs being front and center in the public eye,
Emerson feels that with its first class management and
discretionary project choices, the company will
continue to serve its shareholders well.


*Emerson is Identifying additional step out
opportunities on its Louisiana property.

*Emerson has signed a letter of intent to earn 50%
working interest in the Rinsland well and Lease in
Bossier Parish Louisiana.

*Emerson's North-West Louisiana drilling efforts
follow closely to its philosophy of high-potential low
risk re-entry projects in developed fields. By
maintaining this conservative, but revenue driven
philosophy and mission statement, Emerson enables
itself to build a strong revenue base for the company
and its shareholders, while taking the lowest possible
risk in achieving this goal.

(Source: Recent Press Releases)

__________________________________

 
Conclusion

The Examples Above Show The Awesome, M0ney Making
Potential of Little Known Companies That Explode Onto
Investor's Radar Screens.. Many of You Are Already
Familiar It. Is (E O G I) Poised and Positioned to Do that
For You? Then You May Feel the Time Has Come to Act...
 
And Please Watch this One Trade Monday! Go (E O G I)!

 

Information within this email contains "forward
looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, beliefs, plans,
projections, objectives, goals, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historical
fact and may be "forward looking statements."Forward
looking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actual results or
events to differ materially from those presently
anticipated. Forward looking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "will,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "believes," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "could," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additional risk
factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern. Emerson Oil and Gas, Inc. is not a
reporting company registered under the Securities Act
of 1934 and hence there is limited public information
available about the company. Other factors include:
the company had no revenue in its most recent quarter
and is not currently revenue producing.The company has
a nominal cash position. The company is going to need
financing to complete some business transactions and
begin revenue producing. If that financing does not
occur, the company may not be able to continue as a
going concern in which case you could lose your entire
investment. Other factors include general economic and
business conditions, the ability to acquire and
develop specific projects, the ability to fund
operations and changes in consumer and business
consumption habits and other factors over which
Emerson Oil and Gas Inc. has little or no control. The
publisher of this newsletter does not represent that
the information contained in this message states all
material facts or does not omit a material fact
necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading.All information provided within this email
pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must be
understood as information provided and not investment
advice. The publisher of this newsletter advises all
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professional securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this email. None of the material within this report
shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or
solicitation.Many of these companies are on the verge
of bankruptcy. You can lose all your money by
investing in this stock. The publisher of this
newsletter is not a registered in vestment advis0r.
Subscribers should not view information herein as
legal, tax, accounting or investment advice. Any
reference to past performance(s) of companies are
specially selected to be referenced based on the
favorable performance of these companies. You would
need perfect timing to acheive the results in the
examples given. There can be no assurance of that
happening. Remember, as always, past performance is
ne ver indicative of future results and a thorough due
diligence effort, including a review of a company's
filings when available, should be completed prior to
investing. We have no relationship with U-C-P-I or X-C-H-C.
In compliance with the Securities Act of 1933, Section
17(b),The publisher of this newsletter discloses the
receipt of sixty two thousand five hundred dollars
from a third party, not an officer, director or
affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this
report. Be aware of an inherent conflict of interest
resulting from such compensation due to the fact that
this is a paid advertisement and is not without
bias.The party that paid us has a position in the
stock they will sell at anytime without notice. This
could have a negative impact on the price of the
stock. All factual information in this report was
gathered from public sources, including but not
limited to Company Websites and Company Press
Releases. The publisher of this newsletter believes
this information to be reliable but can make no
gu aran tee as to its accuracy or completeness. Use of
the material within this email constitutes your
acceptance of these terms.

       

       

