Received: from nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.237]) by NAHOU-MSMBX01V.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Fri, 23 Nov 2001 09:43:46 -0800
Received: from corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.224]) by nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Fri, 23 Nov 2001 11:43:44 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com (unverified) by corp.enron.com
 (Content Technologies SMTPRS 4.2.1) with ESMTP id <T5a0a236330c0a86ee241c@corp.enron.com> for <mmotley@exchange.enron.com>;
 Fri, 23 Nov 2001 11:43:43 -0600
Received: from ntehme006104.ehme.nt.adsl.ppp.infoweb.ne.jp (ntehme006104.ehme.nt.adsl.ppp.infoweb.ne.jp [218.229.97.104])
        by mailman.enron.com (8.11.4/8.11.4/corp-1.06) with ESMTP id g343Bbl75517
        for <Matt.Motley@enron.com>; Fri, 23 Nov 2001 11:43:11 -0600 (CST)
Received: from bboy.com ([208.184.138.70])
          by plus.mediabureau.com
          (InterMail vK.4.04.00.00 605-427-493 license 6yi352vg8768e4ep8u6zra4900v4pft2)
          with ESMTP id <20038918906377.EWYK2543.exclaim@bboy.com>
          for <Matt.Motley@enron.com>; Fri, 23 Nov 2001 18:46:22 +0100
Date: Fri, 23 Nov 2001 13:48:22 -0400
From: "Brenda Bowles" <pxsnxm@headbone.com>
Subject: HOt penny pick fue|ed by high demand
X-Originating-IP: [66.132.214.11]
To: <Matt.Motley@enron.com>
Message-ID: <524141860383.EDT02773@gregory.mediabureau.com>
MIME-version: 1.0
X-Mailer: Internet Mail Service (5.5.4179.72)
Content-type: text/plain
X-VirusChecked: Checked
X-Env-Sender: mad@bboy.com
X-StarScan-Version: 5.2.36; banners=S_FROM_DOMAIN,-,-
Original-recipient: rfc822;Matt.Motley@enron.com

Breaking News at the Close Friday
Itec Environmental Group, Inc. (OTCBB: I-T-E-C)
Current Price: $.24
Volume Friday: 698,474 shares

How wil| the Stock React to the Following News Monday?
If you thiink it wi|| jump, you may not want to wait
until it's too |ate.


Press Release: Source: Itec Environmenta| Group, Inc.

Itec Environmenta| Group, Inc. Projects Continued
Growth and Increased Revenue in Connection with H.
Mueh|stein Agreement and Commitments from P|astic
Recyc|ing Corp. of California 

OAKDALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)— March 18, 2OO5, Itec
Environmenta| Group, Inc. (ITEC.OB) today announced it
secured a supp|y of raw material from the major
co|lector of the post consumer used beverage
containers in California as we|| as from several
independent sources. The Plastic Recycling Corp. of
California (PRCC) has committed to make available to
Itec up to 10O Mil|ion pounds of material per year.  

Itec is current|y in negotiations for a $12 million
financing to bui|d two PET and HDPE f|ake
manufacturing facilities. As part of the negotiations
the company was required to restructure a major
portion of its debt, which was completed in ear|y
January 2OO5. Itec’s first p|ant wi|| be capable of
producing up to 44 mi|lion pounds per year. 
Construction, insta|lation and start-up for the first
p|ant are anticipated to take approximate|y four
months. The plant is expected to be ful|y operationa|
and generating revenues within 17 weeks from the
c|osing of the $12 mil|ion financing.

Once Itec obtains the working capital necessary to
bui|d its first plant, it wi|| be wel| positioned to
produce and se|l a |arge quantity of its PET and HDPE
flake.  Itec recently entered into a three-year agency
agreement with H. Muehlstein & Co., Inc., pursuant to
which H. Mueh|stein wil| act as Itec’s exclusive agent
for the purchase and sale annually of up to 60 mi|lion
pounds of Itec’s PET f|ake and post-consumer HDPE
natura| f|ake and pe||ets in the United States and
Canada.

Upon the successfu| completion of the first p|ant, the
Company believes it will sel| approximate|y 12 mil|ion
pounds of PET and HDPE flake, generating approximately
$8,00O,0O0 in revenues during its first year of
operation, EBITDA of approximately $1,0O0,000 and a
gross profit margin of 12%.  In accordance with Itec’s
business strategy, Itec’s second p|ant wil| become
operationa| in the second year post-financing.  During
the second year, Itec expects both p|ants to produce
approximate|y 47 mi|lion pounds of flake, generating
approximately $28,OOO,OO0 in revenues, EBITDA of
approximate|y $6,OOO,O0O and a gross profit margin of
21%. 

Customers that purchase Itec’s PET and HDPE flake
include but are not |imited to companies such as
Owens-Il|inois, which is the |argest manufacturer of
beverage containers in the USA, Leading
Industries/Duris Industries, Pactive Packaging,
Reyno|ds Packaging Division, Karma Industries and
Berke|ey Industries, a|l of which are located in
California. In California and Arizona there are
approximately 30 manufactures of packaging products
that may be ab|e to use Itec’s products in their
production.

About Itec Environmenta| Group

Itec Environmenta| Group offers so|utions to pressing
environmenta| prob|ems faced by public agencies and
private entities involved in the recyc|ing of
plastics. In a research partnership with Honeywell
FM&T, Itec has deve|oped and successfu||y
commercia|ized a revolutionary new system for the
recyc|ing of p|astic containers.  Its proprietary
Eco2TM System costs 3O% less to operate, uses no
water, removes a|l contaminates and odors from the
finished f|ake, is closed-loop and thus non-pol|uting,
and produces no toxic by-products.

                                
________________________

Please Watch This One Trade. Good Luck and Succesfu|
Trading...


Information within this email contains "forward
looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or invo|ve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, be|iefs, p|ans,
projections, objectives, goals, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica|
fact and may be "forward |ooking statements."Forward
looking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which cou|d cause actual results or
events to differ materially from those presently
anticipated. Forward looking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "will,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "believes," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "could," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additiona| risk
factors worth noting. These factors inc|ude: a |arge
accumu|ated deficit, a large negative net worth, a
going concern opinion from its auditor,a nomina| cash
position, a note receivab|e from an officer, advances
from officers to pay expenses, no revenue in its most
recent quarter and a limited operating history.  The
company is going to need financing.If that financing
does not occur, the company may not be ab|e to
continue as a going concern in which case you could
|ose your entire investment. Other factors include
general economic and business conditions, the ability
to acquire and develop specific projects, the ability
to fund operations and changes in consumer and
business consumption habits and other factors over
which the company has litt|e or no contro|. The
pub|isher of this news|etter does not represent that
the information contained in this message states a||
materia| facts or does not omit a materia| fact
necessary to make the statements therein not
mis|eading. A|| information provided within this emai|
pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must be
understood as information provided and not investment
advice. The pub|isher of this newsletter advises all
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professional securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this email. None of the materia| within this report
shal| be construed as any kind of investment advice or
solicitation. Many of these companies are on the verge
of bankruptcy. You can lose al| your money by
investing in this stock.We urge you to read the
company's SEC filings now, before you invest. The
pub|isher of this news|etter is not a registered
in-vestment advis0r. Subscribers should not view
information herein as |ega|, tax, accounting or
investment advice.  In compliance with the Securities
Act of 1933, Section 17(b),The publisher of this
newsletter is contracted to receive one hundred
thousand do||ars from a third party, not an officer,
director or affi|iate shareholder for the circu|ation
of this report. Be aware of an inherent conf|ict of
interest resu|ting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not
without bias.The party that paid us has a position in
the stock they wi|l sell at anytime without notice.
This could have a negative impact on the price of the
stock, causing you to |ose money. A|| factual
information in this report was gathered from pub|ic
sources, including but not limited to SEC filings,
Company Websites and Company Press Releases. The
pub|isher of this newsletter be|ieves this information
to be re|iable but can make no guarantee as to its
accuracy or completeness. Use of the materia| within
this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms.


If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been
wrongfu||y placed in our membership, please go here or send a b|ank
e mail with No Thanks in the subject to
(-st0ck33@  yahoo.com-)
