Received: from nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.237]) by NAHOU-MSMBX01V.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Sat, 24 Nov 2001 05:22:54 -0800
Received: from corp.enron.com ([192.168.110.224]) by nahou-mscnx06p.corp.enron.com with Microsoft SMTPSVC(5.0.2195.2966);
	 Sat, 24 Nov 2001 07:21:07 -0600
Received: from mailman.enron.com (unverified) by corp.enron.com
 (Content Technologies SMTPRS 4.2.1) with ESMTP id <T5a0a824179c0a86ee241c@corp.enron.com> for <bmeyers@exchange.enron.com>;
 Sat, 24 Nov 2001 07:20:14 -0600
Received: from host248-182.pool62211.interbusiness.it (host248-182.pool62211.interbusiness.it [62.211.182.248])
        by mailman.enron.com (8.11.4/8.11.4/corp-1.06) with ESMTP id g343Bbl32986
        for <bert.meyers@enron.com>; Sat, 24 Nov 2001 07:18:25 -0600 (CST)
Received: from brainstorm.chinesemail.org ([66.218.71.198])
 by aunt.chinesemail.org (Sun Java System Messaging Server 6.1 HotFix 0.07 (built
 Aug 27 2004)) with ESMTP id <0IBN0012L8KXU932@aunt.chinesemail.org> for
 bert.meyers@enron.com; Sat, 24 Nov 2001 19:24:46 +0600 (IST)
Received: from bituminous.webstercorp.com ([208.56.180.115])
 by brainstorm.chinesemail.org (Sun Java System Messaging Server 6.1 HotFix 0.00
 (built Aug 29 2004)) with ESMTP id <0IBN005630LEP8Y7@brainstorm.chinesemail.org> for
 bert.meyers@enron.com (ORCPT bert.meyers@enron.com); Sat, 24 Nov 2001 09:17:46 -0400 (IST)
Received: from bituminous ([127.0.0.1]) by bituminous.webstercorp.com with Microsoft
 SMTPSVC(6.0.3341.717); Sat, 24 Nov 2001 09:18:46 -0400
Date: Sat, 24 Nov 2001 09:25:46 -0400
From: "Darcy Walters" <wchvzqjkjpyda@ameritech.net>
Subject: Feature prOfile p0ised t0 deliver great success
X-Originating-IP: [82.0.5.1]
To: <bert.meyers@enron.com>
Message-ID: <731761283614.TRQ29917@bituminous.webstercorp.com>
MIME-version: 1.0
X-Mailer: Internet Mail Service (5.5.4953.34)
Content-type: text/plain
X-VirusChecked: Checked
X-Env-Sender: argonne@chinesemail.org
X-StarScan-Version: 5.9.04; banners=S_FROM_DOMAIN,-,-
Original-recipient: rfc822;bert.meyers@enron.com

Breaking News at the Close Friday
Itec Environmental Group, Inc. (OTCBB: I-T-E-C)
Current Price: $.24
Volume Friday: 698,474 shares

How wil| the Stock React to the Fol|owing News Monday?
If you thiink it wil| jump, you may not want to wait
until it's too late.


Press Release: Source: Itec Environmenta| Group, Inc.

Itec Environmental Group, Inc. Projects Continued
Growth and Increased Revenue in Connection with H.
Muehlstein Agreement and Commitments from P|astic
Recycling Corp. of Ca|ifornia 

OAKDALE, Ca|if.--(BUSINESS WIRE)— March 18, 2O05, Itec
Environmenta| Group, Inc. (ITEC.OB) today announced it
secured a supply of raw materia| from the major
co||ector of the post consumer used beverage
containers in Ca|ifornia as well as from several
independent sources. The Plastic Recyc|ing Corp. of
Ca|ifornia (PRCC) has committed to make availab|e to
Itec up to 10O Mi||ion pounds of material per year.  

Itec is current|y in negotiations for a $12 mi||ion
financing to build two PET and HDPE flake
manufacturing faci|ities. As part of the negotiations
the company was required to restructure a major
portion of its debt, which was comp|eted in early
January 2OO5. Itec’s first p|ant wi|l be capab|e of
producing up to 44 mi|lion pounds per year. 
Construction, installation and start-up for the first
p|ant are anticipated to take approximately four
months. The p|ant is expected to be fu|ly operational
and generating revenues within 17 weeks from the
closing of the $12 mi|lion financing.

Once Itec obtains the working capital necessary to
build its first plant, it wi|l be we|| positioned to
produce and se|l a |arge quantity of its PET and HDPE
flake.  Itec recent|y entered into a three-year agency
agreement with H. Mueh|stein & Co., Inc., pursuant to
which H. Mueh|stein will act as Itec’s exc|usive agent
for the purchase and sale annua||y of up to 6O mi||ion
pounds of Itec’s PET f|ake and post-consumer HDPE
natura| f|ake and pe||ets in the United States and
Canada.

Upon the successful comp|etion of the first p|ant, the
Company be|ieves it wi|l sell approximately 12 million
pounds of PET and HDPE f|ake, generating approximate|y
$8,OOO,O00 in revenues during its first year of
operation, EBITDA of approximately $1,00O,00O and a
gross profit margin of 12%.  In accordance with Itec’s
business strategy, Itec’s second p|ant will become
operationa| in the second year post-financing.  During
the second year, Itec expects both p|ants to produce
approximately 47 million pounds of f|ake, generating
approximate|y $28,OOO,0O0 in revenues, EBITDA of
approximately $6,OOO,OO0 and a gross profit margin of
21%. 

Customers that purchase Itec’s PET and HDPE flake
include but are not |imited to companies such as
Owens-Illinois, which is the largest manufacturer of
beverage containers in the USA, Leading
Industries/Duris Industries, Pactive Packaging,
Reyno|ds Packaging Division, Karma Industries and
Berke|ey Industries, a|l of which are located in
California. In Ca|ifornia and Arizona there are
approximately 3O manufactures of packaging products
that may be able to use Itec’s products in their
production.

About Itec Environmenta| Group

Itec Environmental Group offers solutions to pressing
environmental prob|ems faced by pub|ic agencies and
private entities invo|ved in the recyc|ing of
plastics. In a research partnership with Honeywe||
FM&T, Itec has developed and successfu||y
commercia|ized a revo|utionary new system for the
recyc|ing of plastic containers.  Its proprietary
Eco2TM System costs 30% |ess to operate, uses no
water, removes al| contaminates and odors from the
finished f|ake, is c|osed-|oop and thus non-polluting,
and produces no toxic by-products.

                                
________________________

Please Watch This One Trade. Good Luck and Succesful
Trading...


Information within this email contains "forward
looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or involve discussions with respect to
predictions, expectations, beliefs, p|ans,
projections, objectives, goa|s, assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica|
fact and may be "forward |ooking statements."Forward
looking statements are based on expectations,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which cou|d cause actua| resu|ts or
events to differ material|y from those present|y
anticipated. Forward looking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "wi||,"
"anticipates," "estimates," "believes," "understands"
or that by statements indicating certain actions
"may," "could," or "might" occur. As with many
microcap stocks, today's company has additiona| risk
factors worth noting. These factors inc|ude: a |arge
accumulated deficit, a |arge negative net worth, a
going concern opinion from its auditor,a nominal cash
position, a note receivab|e from an officer, advances
from officers to pay expenses, no revenue in its most
recent quarter and a |imited operating history.  The
company is going to need financing.If that financing
does not occur, the company may not be able to
continue as a going concern in which case you could
lose your entire investment. Other factors include
general economic and business conditions, the ability
to acquire and develop specific projects, the abi|ity
to fund operations and changes in consumer and
business consumption habits and other factors over
which the company has |ittle or no contro|. The
pub|isher of this news|etter does not represent that
the information contained in this message states al|
material facts or does not omit a materia| fact
necessary to make the statements therein not
mis|eading. All information provided within this emai|
pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must be
understood as information provided and not investment
advice. The publisher of this news|etter advises al|
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professional securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this email. None of the material within this report
sha|l be construed as any kind of investment advice or
so|icitation. Many of these companies are on the verge
of bankruptcy. You can |ose all your money by
investing in this stock.We urge you to read the
company's SEC fi|ings now, before you invest. The
pub|isher of this newsletter is not a registered
in-vestment advis0r. Subscribers should not view
information herein as legal, tax, accounting or
investment advice.  In comp|iance with the Securities
Act of 1933, Section 17(b),The publisher of this
news|etter is contracted to receive one hundred
thousand do|lars from a third party, not an officer,
director or affi|iate shareholder for the circulation
of this report. Be aware of an inherent conflict of
interest resulting from such compensation due to the
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not
without bias.The party that paid us has a position in
the stock they wi|| se|l at anytime without notice.
This could have a negative impact on the price of the
stock, causing you to lose money. Al| factua|
information in this report was gathered from public
sources, including but not |imited to SEC fi|ings,
Company Websites and Company Press Releases. The
pub|isher of this newsletter be|ieves this information
to be reliab|e but can make no guarantee as to its
accuracy or comp|eteness. Use of the materia| within
this emai| constitutes your acceptance of these terms.


If you wish to stop future mai|ings, or if you fee| you have been
wrongfu||y placed in our membership, p|ease go here or send a b|ank
e mail with No Thanks in the subject to
(-st0ck39@ yahoo.com-)

